the number of dead concubines who were found in the investigation of wanda 's death was stolen
london , june 6 , 2007
london daily news pointed out that the two photos of the two diana crown prince diana 's death in paris in 1997 were taken by the former castle police chief in the office of the former cosmic police chief .
the report said that the theft caused people to speculate that the computer might have been hidden from the former cosmopolitan police chief , sir steven steve dossier .
however , a cosmopolitan police spokesman said that the computer did not have any sensitive information or contact with the relevant information .
" the sir edward lee is the first member of the royal sir cyricardo 's office in the area of tai enhe .
the report said that the country 's police had been working in the past 10 days to trace two burglary cases .
a major explosion occurred in a residential building in the eastern part of the country from january 28 to 29 , including computers and cash , which occurred last week .
the norodom sandstorms have also shown that there is no evidence to suggest that the two cases and the work of sir john st. steve steven .
" the chinese government has been pursuing the trauma of the queen of wales , not directly leading to the accident .
the royal corpse , robert gordes , ordered in 2004 to continue to track the relevant evidence .
the two - day princess diana was born in a paris tunnel on august 31 , 1997 , and she died together with her .
after two years of investigation , the french police believed that it was due to the driver 's intoxication and taking of drugs , which led to a car crash and a tragedy .
the two sides agreed to hold a meeting in geneva in late january
afp , may 7 .
the interval of the peace process in norway said that sri lanka 's warring groups agreed to hold negotiations in geneva on 22 march to defuse the obstacles that all parties had been trying to end the decades - long racial bloodshed conflict , but the deadlock of the negotiations has been stagnated to date .
norwegian special envoy for peace solheim said in london that the group of tigers for liberating the city of tandem was " a breakthrough " after meeting with barzona , the negotiator of the tiger for the liberation of tanino .
norwegian embassy in beijing said in a statement that the clashes between sri lanka and sri lanka were caused by the ceaseless conflict between the sri lankan government and the tigers liberation tigers in taniranlan , and demanded that the norwegian government help hold negotiations in geneva on february 22 in two days .
the two - day talks will focus on how to strengthen the negotiations on the cease - fire agreement , which will take effect on 23 february 2002 , and the agreement has never been fully observed by both sides .
the norwegian embassy pointed out that the two sides will discuss how to improve the implementation of the cease - fire agreement , which is also the first time that the two sides have conducted face - to - face negotiations at such a high level in the past three years .
solheim said that he would lead a norwegian team to participate in the negotiations and that the four members of the tiger , which was led by barakinam , were led by the government , while the sri lankan government was led by health minister .
he said : this is a road leading to peace .
the resolution of the sri lankan ethnic conflict was a face - to - face negotiation in japan in march 2003 , but the peace talks between the tamil tigers of liberia cancelled the original plan for the seventh round of negotiations to be held in thailand in april 2003 .
du lin 's winter olympics , north and south korean representatives joined hands to join hands in the games
italian prime minister edmund ho hau - wah , april 10 , 2007 ( afp )
the 20 th winter olympics opened in dulin today . the cold war era was the same as the north and south korea . the delegations of both sides held a joint ceremony to join hands in the ceremony .
south korean women 's competition for speed skating skating competitor li baoliang and north korea 's man 's flower skating athlete han zhengren were respectively the chief of the national team of the two countries , leading south korea 's north korean team to the winter olympics games hall .
this is the first time south korea and north korea have won the olympic games in the winter olympics .
to reflect the changes in the situation in which the two sides have achieved reconciliation in recent years , the 2001 sydney summer olympics and the 2004 summer olympics in athens , the south and north korea 's representative teams both entered the same hall .
north korea has not taken part in the us - based 19 th winter games in yanhucheng .
the korean peninsula was divided into two parts , namely , the south korean and communist north korea , in 1948 , and the two sides had conducted mutual hostility during the korean war period from 1950-1953 .
nakhoo said that the north korean leaders held a summit of peace in 2000 , and the relations between the two sides turned better .
according to the tradition , the greek team is the first country to be admitted , and among the 80 countries participating in the competition , south korea is the 22 nd norota country with 23 admission .
the landlord , mr justice woo , is the last country to be admitted and the team was in the stadium .
hovan once indulged in drugs , but after he quickly woke up to his senses , he has started his career .
new york , feb 16 , 2007
the most commonly known person who wanted to win the oscar film award this year , the cinema , the famous movie in the world , was : the cold - blooded blame for the man 's main player , pavehovman , who revealed that he had fallen into a rough life in drugs and wine , and that he could not get out of his own free life and could not take good care of his own performing .
hovman said in an interview with cbs news magazine , cbs , the united states , " we have seen the most recent developments in the drug and wine . "
he only had 20 days in office , and just started to graduate from the drama department of the new york university , and entered the five - colored society , and his daily life was all moving fast , and finally he became unconscious and lost control .
he was 22 years old .
the next month 's " oscar summit " will be held in oscar , which will give an explanation to the role of american author kobayashi : cold blood has told me , and the thing is most hopeful to win the best male leading prize .
prior to this , his superb performing skills had been affirmed and won many awards .
the 38 - year - old actor said during the interview that if he did not feel sorry about turning a bad habit before his becoming famous , he might not have won the nomination by oscar .
he said that he admired those young people who suddenly became famous , who were called the elegant buddha .
the bird flu virus has four european niger and lithuania
brussels , 16 feb ( afp )
the virus is spreading in europe .
the european commission approved the establishment of a buffet area to control the virus , and put the area of countries found to be infected under the management of the virus , and forbid the transportation of all birds and birds .
the african union and nigeria have been in the process of detecting the deadly virus in the eighth day after the virus was discovered . the epidemic has been continuously expanded to more farms , and signs indicate that they have crossed the national boundaries in the north to enter niger .
egypt is investigating the death of a chicken farm in the south , and the death of a group of chickens is worrying that the virus may continue to spread .
the european chicken market is affected by the virus , with a big decline , the eu executive committee stressed that there is no reason to panic .
the executive committee is responsible for the commission on health and food safety , the executive committee , said that the public is concerned about this matter , but it does not require excessive reactions .
the previous virus found that the virus found three kilometers of the surrounding areas and 10 kilometers of warning zones , the eu executive committee again issued new rules to remove the virus from the european domain where the virus was discovered .
a us official who declined to be named pointed out that everyone was nervous , and they went to the streets one day and later to deal with the alleged epidemic had already broken out .
the european region has so far received a total of 160 foreign ministers from germany , france , germany , zanzibar , germany , and russia in europe .
romania found the 31 st case on the 16 th , and the first case in slovenia , which is the case of the country , was found in the czech republic and the ruhenge island of germany .
the southern part of italy , on the other hand , found bird flu virus in two ducks , the first wild geese in the european region , with a diarrhea of the 5n1 virus .
eu officials are now most worried about the upcoming return of the migratory birds from africa .
the government of nigeria is working to prevent the malaria virus from spreading to humans on the african continent .
the government of the country announced that all poultry in the farm nearby area of the five - kilometer - long bird flu virus would be infected without the threat of the virus .
the japanese government of neighboring countries announced that the country had entered a state of alert and allocated 4 million us dollars to monitor the situation along the border with nigeria .
the newly established national emergency committee said that they received notification and had made progress in the cooperation on the border between the two countries , including the cornered and dispersed , with nearly 400 birds dead .
the business management of china 's electronic bank will be put into effect on 1 march .
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to provide loans to the bank of china ( cbrc ) to the state council for the management of electronic banking business , according to a press conference here today
the bank of china ( cbrc ) has issued a circular on the approval of foreign - funded financial institutions in accordance with the regulations of the management measures , which means that foreign banks have to operate internet banking business after the approval of foreign banks , if the new internet banking business is needed , the bank should report the case to the bank of china for unified examination .
to standardize the practice of commercial banks using the internet to carry out their banking business , the people 's bank of china formulated and promulgated the " provisional measures for managing the business of internet banks " in june 2001 .
the bank of china ( cbrc ) has been making rapid progress in the development of e - banking business in commercial banks , said a spokesman for the cbrc .
according to a spokesperson for the china banking regulatory commission , the china banking regulatory commission has different views on the qualifications of the safety evaluation organizations , and the administrative licensing system , which is different from the nature of the trade access or enterprise access qualifications , is not an important condition for evaluating the institutions ' conduct of electronic banking security evaluation business , and is only a reference for the financial institutions to choose the institutions to evaluate their qualifications .
as long as the safety assessment authority meets the relevant requirements and demands , it will not be able to provide financial services to the financial institutions if they do not have the qualifications to be confirmed by the cbrc , but they should be managed according to the relevant regulations .
the " electronic banking business management method " consists of nine chapters and 99 articles , which are divided into four categories : application for a breakthrough with the change of risk management data , exchange and transfer of management , and management of cross - border business activities . it is the nine parts of the management of binding legal responsibilities and supplementary provisions .
the " electronic banking system evaluation guidelines " consists of five chapters and 57 articles , which are divided into four general departments : safety evaluation of institutions that are responsible for ensuring safety evaluation , management and supplementary articles on implementation of safety evaluation activities .
the book " mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , deng xiaoping , and chen yun on investigation and study " published and issued
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the " selected works of mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , deng xiaoping , and chen yun , " compiled by the party central literature research center , recently was published and distributed by the central party literature publishing house .
we should conduct investigation and study in depth , persist in integrating theory with practice , and draw up and implement correct lines , principles , and policies . this is the basic experience and basic work method of the cpc in leading revolution and in carrying out reform .
mao zedong 's wangyan zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , and other revolutionaries of the older generation , have made many important and incisive expositions on the issue of investigation and study , and they have frequently gone to the grass - roots level to conduct social surveys and wrote many investigation reports .
they have been studying and researching the practice and results of their investigation and study and have played a positive role in guiding the cause of the party and the people to advance along the correct road .
the book " mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , deng xiaoping , and chen yun on investigation and study " is divided into three parts : the first part is the thesis of mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation on investigation and study , and the second part is the collection of articles on investigation and research by mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation . the third part is the three selected works of mao zedong in the early 1960 's and the report
these reports are mostly the first public publication .
in addition , two articles on the " may 60 's " central leaders ' study were also included in the previous edition .
russia reiterates its adherence to the one - china policy
moscow , february 6 ( xinhua ) russian deputy foreign minister alekseyev met with chinese ambassador to russia liu guchang on the 6th , reiterating that russia adheres to the one - china stand .
alekseyev said that russia noticed that chen shui - bian recently talked about taiwan independence remarks .
the russian government has always upheld the one - china principle and firmly supported china 's efforts to realize the great cause of national reunification .
last year , the chinese national people 's congress adopted the " anti - secession law , " and russia took the lead in publicly expressing its support .
alekseyev said that the russian foreign ministry will issue a statement as soon as possible , reiterating the one - china stand and opposing taiwan independence .
china , japan to hold joint military exercise in two days south africa , oct. 15
xinhua news agency , johannesburg , february 6 ( reporter chen ming ) the chinese people 's liberation army ( pla ) in south africa on the early morning of 5 february , lin yixing , a chinese living in fuqing , fujian province , was injured by local militants in his bars . on the morning of 6 february , he died in the city of burundi , south africa .
according to a report by feng yang , president of the federation of chinese communities in liberia , the incident occurred in the huerkovmk city , over 130 kilometers northwest of burundi .
at that time , the owner of the shop , lin yixing , picked up the goods inside the bar and prepared to end the day 's business .
at this moment , three customers were also found in the shop , one of them was pulled out by a pistol and then robbed .
more than 40 years old lin yixing and the ruffian , and the gang robbers fired a shots at lin yixing , and fled afterwards .
the two - way - long " fame " , which was reported to the hospital , was found in the body of lin yixing , who was then on the hospital , and was completely filled with the throes of the body of lin yixing , who died at about 3:30 on 6 february .
on 6 february , chinese consulate general in jordan xu defu met with wu dawei , director of the chinese consulate general in fujian 's tongxiang city , and other people , who drove to burundi to help the family members of the deceased handle the aftermath .
mr lam yixing became the first person to be shot and killed by the culprits within 36 hours and also the first chinese head of state who was killed in south africa since the beginning of this year .
( newspaper clippings ) shanghai : part - time personnel and graduates of colleges and universities become the main force of hours work
beijing , february 7 ( xinhua ) the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau issued a new annual report on the price guidance for wages for workers in 2006 , with the number of new hours in jobs reaching 120 , 11 more than the last one . the original job , the mentioning of the previous job , has dropped .
according to a report by the relevant experts of the shanghai labor and social security bureau , currently the number of hours working personnel in shanghai has exceeded 1 million .
according to a report in the china youth daily , college graduates and part - time personnel are the main component of the field work force .
through the study of nearly 8,000 hours of work , the majority of the people were part - time workers , with a proportion of 51.1 % .
the number of people who are part - time workers is generally higher , mainly engaged in technical work , such as translators , part - time workers , as high as 81.7 % , and fitness categories reaching 61.6 % .
high income is the result of many people working in the field of an hour .
it is understood that the monthly income of individual posts can reach tens of thousands of yuan , and it will be difficult to ask for , just like the sound of translator , and the monthly income of hours of work can exceed 2,000 yuan , such as the married couples , cering yi , etc.
to meet the personal interest and to expand their knowledge , it is also an important part of the work that has been well received by the working hours .
for example , when a company is the manager of the human resources department , he will have to take several hours a week to handle the financial account of a foreign representative office .
mr koo said that the maximum benefits of his part - time job were to make his knowledge more updated and to have the opportunity to involve another area , of course , the income of 2,000 yuan per month also had some attractiveness .
as some hours of employment threshold is low , the form of employment is flexible and free , and many graduates are gradually favored by job - seekers , 148 % of them are graduates of tertiary and secondary schools in nearly three years .
i felt very sorry at the beginning . but i did a few months .
huang graduated from university , and he did not perform his job well . in the end , he put on a guesthouse and put up a name , playing a piano against the background of music .
how can you do today 's work ? one hour and 100 yuan , the environment is good , i want to do many things now ?
it is understood that an hour work has become an important part of the experience gained by some graduates who are seeking jobs to temper their work experience and improve their skills to improve their communication skills .
the graduates work hours , mainly concentrating on knowledge and technical skills , and the graduates are mostly engaged in professional work , such as those with relatively strong professional interpretations and the highly contemporary artistic level .
the hourly job skill requirement is not high , for example , food promotion agents , caijing agents , and other personnel , who have been unemployed can be employed through simple training .
the data showed that the number of hours - time workers was originally 3.93 percent of the unemployed , of which the proportion of the unemployed in the retail sector was as high as 68.4 percent , and the proportion of the catering sector was 58.77 percent , and the hours of work became an important channel for the employment of unemployed personnel .
in the inspection of work in anhui ,
beijing , february 8 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to establish a special national people 's congress standing committee in its meeting with the delegation of the national people 's congress ( npc ) standing committee , wu bangguo , chairman of the standing committee of the national people 's congress ( npc ) , said during a recent inspection tour of anhui province that it is necessary to uphold the scientific development concept to guide the overall situation of economic and social development , to conscientiously implement the central authorities ' principles and policies , to
from 6 to 8 february , wu bangguo inspected the building of wushanzong , wuwei , and other areas in ma on shan , going deep into the rural areas ' zhaoyuan scientific research institute and higher educational institution .
wu bangguo pointed out : anhui is an important region in which we link up the southern part of zanzibundian to the north . it is an important agricultural region in china . it has rich natural resources , a fairly good industrial base , a strong scientific and technological force , a unique cultural tourist resource , and a huge development potential .
anhui should firmly seize the opportunity of promoting the rise of central china , always uphold economic construction as the central task , and conscientiously implement the central principles and policies in close connection with anhui 's actual conditions , carry out work in a creative manner , implement the scientific development concept in concrete measures , and implement it in practical work .
we should sum up practical experience in a timely manner , fully rely on the masses , vigorously support reform and innovation , and constantly open up a new situation in anhui 's work .
we should actively promote the building of a harmonious society , and persistently do a good job in safeguarding the fundamental interests of the overwhelming majority of the people as the starting point and end point of all our work , actively create conditions , and gradually resolve the practical problems of the masses who are in difficulty , gradually readjust the distribution relationship , gradually change the urban - rural structure , gradually narrow the gap , safeguard social fairness , and enable the entire people to share the fruits of reform and development .
wu bangguo stressed : china has reached the stage of relying more on the enhancement of its independent innovation capability and the improvement of the quality of laborers to promote economic and social development . only by vigorously promoting scientific and technological progress and innovation can we achieve the leap in the quality of productive forces and promote the conscientious shift of economic and social development onto the track of scientific development .
we should establish and improve as soon as possible the system and mechanism that are conducive to innovation , increase investment in science and technology , encourage patents to invent and develop famous brands , speed up the conversion of scientific and technological achievements into real productive forces , strengthen the enterprises ' dominant position in independent innovation , and constantly raise the contribution rate of scientific and technological progress to economic growth .
we should support and encourage the participation of technological elements in the distribution of resources , establish and improve the system of statistics indicators that reflect our own innovation capability , study and formulate policies that support independent innovation in financial affairs and government procurement , and form a policy system that encourages independent innovation .
we should cultivate and foster an innovative awareness in the whole society , vigorously advocate the spirit of daring to innovate and compete , and strive to create a good atmosphere of bringing forth talent in large numbers .
wu bangguo pointed out : the npc has made new progress in the process of governing the country according to law and building a socialist country ruled by law .
to do a good job in the work of people 's congresses in the new situation , we must first uphold the correct political direction , unswervingly follow the road of socialist political development with chinese characteristics , and organically integrate the adherence to the party 's leadership with the people 's congress as masters of their own affairs and the rule of law .
second , we should closely center our work around the overall situation of the party and the state , closely center our work around the major issues in reform , development , and stability , and carry out work in the light of the hot and difficult issues that the masses are generally concerned about , so as to continuously enhance the actual results of the work of the people 's congress .
third , it is necessary to give play to the characteristics and advantages of the npc work , uphold democratic centralism , and handle issues in strict accordance with the procedures and collectively decide issues .
we must persist in following the mass line , people - centered , and power for the people , and the people - centered principle and the people - interests .
china sets forth the major scientific research plan for the next 15 years
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has made unremitting efforts to improve china 's international competitiveness and promote sustainable development , and has made a major leap forward in the development of science and technology , according to the " outline of the national medium @ - and long - term scientific and technological development program ( 2006 - 2020 ) " issued by the state council on the 9 th .
the four major scientific plans are the protein research , the microsoft regulatory research , and the development and birth of genes .
the outline pointed out that protein science is the most important source of life science in the fierce contention of developed countries .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on studying the transplants of important biological systems , study the genetic , metaphysics , and genetic biology of proteome , the genetic biology function , and the interoperability of protein , the biology and system biology of biological and system biology , the method of protein research , and related application basic research .
the program also holds that the research on quantitative regulation and control is obvious in the future and may have a far - reaching impact on the social and economic development of mankind after 2030 .
china will focus on the research of the carrier of quantum telecommunications and the principles and methods of regulation and control , calculating the volume , and the new quantitative effect of the limited - measuring system , the new tenor and new technological basis of the measurement and control method , and the new tenor and new technological basis for measuring the quality of the measured telecommunications .
in addition , the program pointed out that nanometer technology has become a strategic choice for many countries to raise their core competitiveness and is also one of the areas that china is expected to achieve a leap in development by leaps and bounds .
in the next 15 years , china will focus its research on this field , including the control of nanometer materials , the manufacture of pesticides and functions , and the research on genetic knowledge , nanometer , and nanometer standards , the scientific and technological level of nanometer , and the scientific and technological progress of nanometer materials and nanometer technology in energy saving , environmental protection , and medicine .
china 's population growth is large , and its birth defects are too large , there is serious shortage of transplants , and the aging peak is about to arrive . therefore , it is urgently necessary to make breakthroughs in the breakthrough in the theory of reproductive and development of scientific theories and to innovate in technology .
according to the program , the number of chinese enterprises to be developed will be increased in 2006 - 2020 , and the gap between the mature and the validity of the cells , the degradation of human reproductive functions , and the reproductive forces will be further enhanced .
shanghai 's real estate price increase last year dropped by nearly 7 percentage points
shanghai , february 9 ( xinhua ) the shanghai municipal government will provide a comprehensive financial support to the real estate sector in 2005 , said a senior official with the state administration of property rights ( fss ) here today .
according to the latest figures released , the total industrial output value of the shanghai real estate industry dropped significantly last year , or the growth rate slowed down .
of these , the price increase of residential housing dropped 6.6 percentage points over the previous year , and the added value of real estate industry decreased by 4.1 % compared with the previous year .
the shanghai municipal bureau of statistics , pan jianxin , said at a press conference a few days ago that in 2005 , the average sales price of commodities in shanghai 's urban areas will be 6698 yuan / square meters , an increase of 313 yuan over 2004 .
the annual sales price of residential housing rose by 9.2 percent over the previous year , with an increase of 6.6 percentage points compared with the same period last year .
the real estate sector added value of the year was 670.23 billion yuan , 4.1 percent lower than the previous year .
in terms of the balance of loans from financial institutions , the outstanding amount of loans for personal housing was 264.94 - billion yuan , and the newly added value of loans was only 94.4 - billion yuan in the year , while the newly increased amount of loans in 2004 was 728.09 - billion yuan .
pan jianxin said : from the year - on - year sales prices of real estate in shanghai , the price of commercial housing has been stable .
the statistics also showed that according to the latest data , in 2005 , the real estate price increase in shanghai will drop somewhat , and the average sales price of residential housing will be 6698 yuan / square meters , an increase of 313 yuan over 2004 .
by 2005 , the housing price will be higher than the previous year , with an increase of 9.7 percent , a 6.2 percentage points lower than that of last year .
according to him , the shanghai municipality completed the construction of 1,246.86 - billion yuan in real estate development last year , an increase of 6.1 percent over the previous year .
the sales area was 3158.87 million square meters , down 9.5 percent .
the annual sales of commodity housing were 2.1613 - billion yuan , 4.5 percent lower than the previous year .
two light aircraft were hit in new zealand
xinhua news agency , wellington , february 9 , two new zealand light aircraft crashed in a building in a place about 100 kilometers north of wellington , capital of the capital of hehron on on the 9th , killing two students at the aviation school on board .
according to local civil aviation departments , the two planes were flying in the air , and the two were flying personnel at the university of marthi . they were still undergoing training and have not obtained their flying license .
the two passengers were then in a non - air control area and were flying in such a regional area according to regulations .
a man who was on the scene of the incident told the new zealand media that he heard the huge explosion when the plane collided and saw the speed of the plane crashed into the ground .
another eyewitness also confirmed that the us plane had heard a huge explosion before the plane crashed and saw the wound of the plane crashed .
the plane collision is still not clear at present , and local civil aviation departments will conduct investigations on this .
china , japan to strengthen cooperation in energy , environmental protection
xinhua news agency , buenos aires , february 8 ( reporter cao yu ) the delegation of overseas chinese and chinese people residing in argentina issued a solemn statement on the 8th , strongly condemning chen shui - bian 's recent remarks on taiwan independence in argentina , and opposing any attempt to separate taiwan from china .
the statement said that chen shui - bian issued a statement on 29 january , declaring that he would abolish the national unification council and the national unification guidelines , which were a step taken toward the strange cause of taiwan independence .
compatriots on both sides of the strait have long for peace and the taiwan compatriots ' desire for peace and stability to seek development will face severe challenges .
the statement pointed out that it is resolutely opposed to and curbed the splittist activities of taiwan independence forces and safeguarding peace and stability in the taiwan strait region , and still is the most pressing task at present for compatriots on both sides of the strait and the chinese society around the world .
the statement stressed that argentina 's china council for promoting peaceful reunification is willing to work with all the overseas chinese and chinese people in argentina who are from both sides of the strait to unite as one , resolutely oppose any form of taiwan independence , and actively promote china 's peaceful reunification .
chinese expert : america 's preaching of china 's military threat is unreasonable
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has made great efforts to promote the development of the country 's economy and trade , said a senior official with the us department of defense here today
experts believe that this is a serious challenge to china 's normal national defense construction , exaggerating the chinese military threat is a interference in china 's internal affairs .
the " four - year defense review report " is a new national defense guidance document of the pentagon .
this long - term 92 - page report uses three paragraphs on the issue of china 's military strength and the countermeasures that the united states should adopt , and has directly mentioned china 's biographical and biographical phrase , which is both china 's and china 's , and said that china , as a major and newly emerging power , is most capable of engaging in military competition with the united states .
the world military research institute of the chinese military academy of military sciences , yao yunzhu , said : although senior us military officials have expressed similar views on many occasions , this is the first time the united states has proposed in its report on defense strategy that china is the most likely new big power with a new threat to the united states .
this , this report clearly pointed out for the first time that russia has made india 's biggest strategic opponent , especially its so - called china military threat theory , a so - called " china military threat theory " .
the chinese military delegation arrived in beijing on the evening of 19 august .
what merits our attention is that in the " four - year defense review report , " on the same day that us president bush also submitted a report to congress on the budget for the fiscal year 2007 , of which the national defense budget was $ 43.93 - billion .
if you add to the fact that you have been doing military operations in iraq and afghanistan , the us budget for the fiscal year 2007 will exceed $ 500 - billion , creating a new historical high , and pang guangqian said that this is almost the same as the military spending of all other countries in the world .
peng guangqian said : the united states fabricated lies in other countries ' theory of threat reflect the consistent style of the pentagon in creating enemies , and its real purpose is to strive for more national defense funds and to gain more benefits for the us arms industrial group .
experts said that the huge military spending of the united states is much more limited than that of the united states .
he has participated in many times in the military expert deng hongzhou , who has participated in the white paper on china 's national defense , said that as the economy developed in the 1990 s , china 's national defense spending has increased somewhat , but the proportion of the state 's financial expenditures has generally declined during the same period .
official data show that the number of people who were engaged in national defense spending in 2004 was about 10 percent less than that in the same period of the year .
in 2005 , china 's national defense spending will be 244.656 - billion yuan , only about one - thirty - 14 percent of the us national defense budget , and the per capita military spending will be about one - thirty of the us military , and the per capita military spending will be about one - thirty of the us military .
the united states ' territorial area and china 's territorial land are generally quite similar , but its military spending is so huge , and who is the military force that goes beyond the proper defense needs is self - evident . this is a nonsense .
peng guangqian said :
the china arms control and disarmament association research department director teng jianqun said that the united states should objectively evaluate the situation of china 's military construction , and that china 's peaceful development does not mean that china and the united states will become their opponents militarily .
the " 2004 china 's national defense " white paper says that china firmly follows the path of peaceful development and practices a defensive national defense policy .
china used to be a country without its existence , and it would not pose a threat to any country in the future .
so far , china has not established diplomatic military bases in any other country , nor has it sent a military force to other countries , and the united states has more than 100 military bases abroad , and it has deployed more than 100,000 troops in asia alone .
professor liu yunshan , professor at the institute of international relations at beijing university , said : china and the united states should increase communication and exchanges through the established channels , enhance mutual understanding and mutual trust , comprehensively promote the constructive and cooperative relations between china and the united states in the new century , and jointly promote the maintenance of world peace and development .
( winter olympics ) turin winter olympics games opening ceremony will be a passion
xinhua news agency , duin , february 9 ( reporter ding ying and yan tao ) the opening ceremony of the 20 th winter olympics will be held at the dushi olympic sports stadium at 8 : 00 local time on the night of the 10 th .
on 9 may , the winter olympics organizing committee of the duin winter disclosed to reporters the brilliant arrangements for the opening ceremony .
as for the opening ceremony , chairman cardini of the organizing committee , said he was confident that the opening ceremony would cost 10 million euros and would gather together all the top leaders of italy .
he said that the night of the 10th will be unforgettable , and that 350,000 people and around 2 - million television viewers in the world will see the passion of the opening ceremony of the opening ceremony of the ceremonies .
the passion of the flames was a lively red and inspiring five - ring dream - - peace - - the white pigeons and the white snow and milk cows in the alps will appear at the opening ceremony . the director introduced the story , saying that the muslim fears of the reformist and the italian cnc 's talent will become the main theme of the opening ceremony . he will show the longest vitality of the history of the olympics to
the famous italian design master , amini , specially designed garments for the opening ceremony , the famous italian fashion brand , morgan keo , will provide gifts to the athletes ' attendance ceremony .
however , the famous italian man 's high - sounding palatolivoire will sing a song at the opening ceremony , and the organizing committee will leave this suspense in the end .
eight people who could fly the flame with their heads will use three meters to make their fame clear that the fire was burning , and they will fire at 70 kilometers at the site several times .
officials of the organizing committee said that this was the most satisfactory performance of the opening ceremony .
and on how to laugh the torch of the host , the organizing committee did not reveal the details ahead of schedule , but the main torch relay station , as high as 57 meters , will light the turbulent and nearby alps .
us president bush 's new president bush 's visit to pakistan and india in march
washington , february 9 ( xinhua ) the united states has decided to impose a ban on the use of force against iraq , a white house spokesman said here today , adding that the united states has been trying to stop the spread of the cartoon of islam 's predecessor mohammed mohammed mohammed , but president bush will visit pakistan and india in march according to the plan .
mcclellan said that bush is looking forward to visiting pakistan and india .
he also said that he is now making preparations for this visit .
mcclellan made the above remarks at a demonstration in some areas of pakistan to protest against the terrorist threat from islamic prejudice mohammed .
in january this year , bush met with pakistani prime minister aziz at the white house , and both sides expressed their readiness to strengthen friendly cooperation to jointly crack down on terrorism that jeopardize the security of the two countries .
bush also said that at the invitation of the pakistani and indian governments , he would pay a formal visit to pakistan and india in march .
china 's hamas ' cabinet seeking breakthroughs in gaza , may 15
xinhua news agency , ramallah , february 9 ( international observations ) hamas has found a way to break through the hamas cabinet
xinhua news agency reporter wang hao and huang ju
the islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) obtained the victory in the legislative council election , how to draw up a blueprint for the new government has become the focus of international attention .
hamas will pursue what new policies will directly affect the peace process 's next step .
at the same time , the resistance of the united states and israel has added variables to the prospects of the hamas government .
at present , all the parties in palestine are stepping up consultations to reach a consensus on the difficulties and sensitive points of future developments in the cabinet .
the party central committee and the state council have attached great importance to the work of the party and government .
hamas won the right to form a cabinet , some people outside the world worried that hamas prime minister 's presence might have a difference with the current supreme leader abbas .
moreover , the visiting chinese hamas leader mahathir stressed that the hamas - led new palestinian government would not recognize israel , and this tough signal also intensified the international recognition of israel .
the united states and israel have clearly indicated that they will not accept a hamas government that has real power and use this as a threat to suspend economic aid to palestine and handed over tax to palestine .
however , this does not hinder hamas from making flexible strategic adjustments , electing independent people is a compromise policy .
according to reports , to maximize the international recognition , the recent summit meeting of hamas and domestic leaders in egypt decided to select an independent member of the board of the islamic university of california , jimal , to be the new prime minister .
this move has not received the response from the parties concerned .
palestinian analysts said that the palestinian government has always been concerned about the situation in which the government is the most crucial candidate for the post .
the party 's basic line of thought is the fundamental principle of the party 's absolute leadership over the party and the state .
in terms of internal affairs , the biggest challenge facing hamas is the lack of a sufficient experience in governance .
palestinian newspaper " daily " analyzed that the hamas 's " political and social welfare projects " have caught people 's hearts , but in terms of governance , hamas lacked experience and established a " new alliance " with the palestinian national liberation movement ( fatah ) , which has gained the ruling experience .
hamas has proposed a new round of talks with fatah after the election , and has jointly established a national coalition government . however , fatah has not given a positive response to this .
fatah is currently in power to decide whether to join the cabinet . a faction that advocates participating in the new government will be able to do something , and another faction rejects hamas 's invitation and is willing to make a positive opposition to the legislature .
the informed source pointed out that the united states had made a decision to withdraw from the new government under the persuasion of abbas .
even so , hamas and fatah also have reached a consensus on the distribution of cabinet positions .
in addition , another way is to establish a legislative committee framework , which is out of the party - to - party cabinet .
according to reports , hamas has also designed a clean expert - type government , but the specific name list is unknown .
in view of the attitude of the united states and israel , the technology expert - type government has no longer become a form of cabinet building that relies on external pressure .
according to the palestinian " basic law , " the new legislative council will be held in beijing on 16 february after the new legislative council is inaugurated . the work of nominating the prime minister and forming a cabinet will be completed within three to five weeks .
the party committee and the state council have always attached great importance to the issue of what should be the focus of the armed forces ?
the weapons in hamas are to form a new government , and another thorny problem facing it .
the united states and israel have been extremely tough in their attitude and have resolutely demanded that hamas give up violence and reject their armed participation in politics .
hamas leader mahmoud al-assad on 9 april stressed that armed resistance is the key strategic option for the organization .
armed issues actually include the legality of weapons and the ownership of armed forces .
hamas has been trying to win the election of the first major party in the legislative council through a democratic and free way , and has made its subordinate armed forces , czanzo , the same way of legalizing the case , to bring it into the government 's security agency .
hamas once proposed to send armed groups to palestinian national authority .
the palestinian people have 600,000 security personnel , and the majority of them come from the fatah camp .
moreover , fatah also has some unstable and disorganized armed militants , such as the armistice of the martyr anassa 's martyr , the eagle of the fatah movement , and so on .
the government of hamas , which is responsible for forming a cabinet , must hold discussions with abbas on how to manage the armed forces of each other and rationally distribute the right to manage security .
according to local media , abbas intends to be in charge of security and intelligence units , police , civil defense , and other organizations , and the new government 's interior ministry is under the management of the new government .
however , all parties are still holding consultations on this sensitive issue , and so far there is no sign of any change .
china has for the first time issued a ultra - inspection report
beijing , february 10 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to launch a " 2005 annual survey of the polar sea in china " in the coming year , a top priority of the country 's polar scientific research activities , the state oceanic administration ( sasac ) said here today .
the " report " comprehensively reflects the chinese government 's desire to conduct scientific research in 2005 .
according to the " report , " on 9 january 2005 , at 2:15 ( beijing time ) , the chinese antarctic inspected the inland icecap and successfully landed on the antarctic 's highest altitude icecap , the highest level of the sea level of the south pole . it set the goal of the bmw 's diving at 315:15 ( beijing time ) at 18:15 ( beijing time ) .
if competition is increasingly fierce , the world will be more and more proud of the chinese people 's strong will and fearless spirit , and be bold in opening up new areas . first , it has launched the " sword " of the antagonianic ice , and succeeded in the first instance , realizing another dream of mankind in the antarctic .
the director of the state oceanic administration , sun zhihui , said :
the " report " shows that on 24 march 2005 , the 21 st antarctic expedition team of china successfully completed its mission to shanghai , and this inspection tour lasted 151 days and traveled 26,500 nautical miles .
in the same year , the 22 nd antarctic expedition team of china left shanghai for the antarctic center station to carry out the scientific examination and to conduct the scientific examination . it will leave the zhongshan station before the end of february 2006 to return to shanghai via australia .
because it was the first time china issued the extremely important investigation report , the " 2005 china polar inspection report " also made a comprehensive appraisal of the chinese polar earth , which started in the early 1980 s .
according to the " report , " in 1983 , china formally joined the " antarctic treaty " and became a member of the organization of the antarctic treaty . it has also become the council of directors of the antarctic research committee , the nantan branch of the antarctic council , and other most influential members of the international organization for antarctic affairs .
in 1997 , china became the member of the north pole science committee and won the right to speak and make policy decisions in international extreme affairs .
the " report " points out that over the past 20 - plus years , china has been extremely observant of the history of things , and has constantly developed . the first thing is to have a large scale . it has formed the three polygraph stations , namely , the northwestern long city station established in february 1985 , the antarctic center station established in february 1989 , the beijing polar institute established in july 2009 , and the northern extreme , which began to undertake the task
the " report " statistics show that by the end of 2005 , china had organized 22 antarctic scientific research projects , with the snowlong longkou vessel as the northwestern pole science observation , which was carrying the pavilion , to inspect the two of the bipolar huang he stations . so far , more than 3,000 people - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - have inspected the site in the northern edge of south china .
now we are building a third southern pole observation station , and it is also china 's first inland inspection station .
sun zhihui said :
after more than 20 years of efforts , china 's polar exploration cause has been extremely important in the world .
he said .
sun zhighui revealed that china will publish an annual polar inspection report .
china , japan to strengthen ties with taiwan : castro
xinhua news agency , havana , february 10 ( reporter : zhou ) cuba 's state council chairman fidel castro met with chinese state councilor chen zhili , who is on a visit to cuba , on the 10th . both sides expressed their readiness to constantly strengthen mutually beneficial cooperation in education , science , and technology .
president fidel castro warmly welcomed chen to state councilor tang jiaxuan .
he said : the cuban - chinese relations are very friendly , and the exchange of high - level visits has been frequent , which has effectively promoted and strengthened friendship and mutual understanding between the two sides . he hoped that the two countries will continue to deepen mutually beneficial cooperation in all fields , including education and science and technology .
chen zhili said : cuba is the largest developing country in latin america and the caribbean region .
the two peoples ' friendly exchanges have a long history .
cuba is the first country to establish diplomatic relations with new china .
in the new century , with the concern and promotion of the leaders of the two countries , the political mutual trust between the two countries has been increasingly deepened , the scope of cooperation has been expanding , and mutual support and cooperation in international affairs have been expanded , and the friendly relations between china and cuba have entered a new period of comprehensive development .
she believed that with the joint efforts of both sides , sino - cuban friendly cooperation will yield even more fruitful results .
chen zhili also pointed out that the chinese government has always attached importance to exchanges and cooperation with cuba in the field of education .
in recent years , the two countries have seen increasingly close exchanges in education and frequent personnel exchanges .
china actively supports cuba 's international convention , and has sent delegations to attend the world higher education congress and the 2005 world conference on eliminating illiteracy .
cuba 's basic education level is very high , and it is hoped that relevant experience exchange will be further strengthened in the future .
chen zhili said : china and cuba have made great progress in scientific and technological research and development , and they can , through cooperation in various fields , achieve mutual benefit and win - win results .
the chinese side has helped some cuban scientific research equipment this time , hoping to play a positive role in cuba 's scientific research and production .
she also briefed castro on china 's strategy of rejuvenating the country with science and education and the national science and technology conference .
chen zhili arrived in cuba on the invitation of the cuban government and arrived in havana on 9 february , local time , and began his visit to cuba .
during this period , chen zhili met with the cuban minister of higher education , vivendi , and inspected the university of information technology , the university of havana , and the biao elementary school of marti .
the construction of the project will be carried out in the near future .
harbin , february 11 ( xinhua ) the following is a serious explosion in a coal mine in the eastern part of harbin , killing a total of 580 kilometers of the beijing - kazakhstan highway , which left some sections of the road closed at about 1500 hours on february 10 , the xinhua news agency reported .
according to the information provided by the police of the traffic police group of the two cities public security bureau , at least 58 kilometers of the beijing - kazakhstan highway collided with three vehicles . a car , together with a truck , hit the truck and a oil tanker , and the oil tanker crashed into the seam , the oil tanker was leaked , and the wasted oil loaded inside the vehicle was flowing on the road .
it is understood that the tanker was carrying a coke - proof oil to produce the oil .
the number of people who were found to be in high density because of wasteoil and foggy , and the danger of fires in the past vehicles , has been closed to the road .
harbin is heading for two cities to some roads , and many vehicles are bypassing .
at present , relevant departments are screening the scene , and the cause of the accident is under investigation .
hong kong , jan. 15 the chinese government has issued a circular to the italian government on the issue of the yellow river
hong kong , february 11 ( xinhua ) the following is a list of the hong kong - based china telecommunications company , which has three branches of the company , which has been listed on the market , announced on the 11th by huangpu , huangpu ,
and huang huaing , general manager of the huanggang group , said that although the three italian companies have been approved by all the relevant supervisory organizations , due to the listing procedures , they must be completed within the next few weeks .
at the same time , the current market condition of european telecommunications is weak , and the market may not be able to give a timely reviews to italy 's listed value .
in view of the fact that shareholders have the greatest interests to obtain , the decision to postpone their listing is made .
as to the time to issue another shares to be listed , mr fok said that it would be necessary to depend on the future development of the european telecommunications market .
he said : from now to the present time , there are three italian companies that need to conduct extensive investor education activities in italy so that the global telecommunications investment market can be more clear about the strong performance and favorable prospects of italy 's current three major investments .
according to another media report , the world 's three - man company , one of the world 's co - ordinators , has goldman sachs , agreeing to use 420 - million euros to buy shares in italy by means of private matching sales , and it is expected that the deal will be completed by the end of march this year .
china , japan to strengthen economic ties
xinhua news agency , yangon , february 12 th , by reporter yunfei zhang and other members of the chinese embassy in myanmar , and the economic and business counselor tang hai , who is here to attend the china - myanmar economic and trade relations , said that the bilateral economic and trade relations between china and myanmar are now in a state of good development , which is rich in content , and which is beneficial to each other .
the ambassador said that in recent years , the friendly cooperative relations between china and myanmar on the basis of the five principles of peaceful coexistence have been consolidated and developed , and exchanges and cooperation in various fields have expanded and deepened day by day , and bilateral economic and trade relations have been expanding and strengthened .
the tang hai - zambian said : the high - level exchange of visits between the two countries has effectively promoted the development of bilateral economic and trade cooperation .
the two sides have maintained close contacts and cooperation in various fields , and have made positive contributions to the development of bilateral relations .
he said : the year 2004 is the year of 140 - million us dollars , and in 2005 it will reach 12.09 - billion us dollars , of which china 's exports will reach 935 - million us dollars and imports will reach 270 - million us dollars .
in the bilateral trade last year , china 's trade with myanmar ( including border trade ) totaled 6.3 - billion us dollars , up 14.66 percent from the previous year .
tang hai said that myanmar has become the first country to undertake contracted engineering business in china , and china has made significant progress in the construction of the plant , including the construction of the bridge , the construction of the plant , and the construction of the plant .
chinese enterprises launch projects in myanmar , which has brought about the rapid development of china 's various kinds of mechanical and electrical products , myanmar has become china 's important market for the export of manufactured equipment and mechanical and electrical products .
according to statistics from the chinese customs , in the past five and six years , the export of mechanical and electrical products has accounted for about 45.5 percent of china 's total exports to myanmar .
tang jiaxuan also said that myanmar has rich resources and china has started to invest in myanmar 's cement ore copper ore and other resources development projects , and that the development of the economic and trade cooperation between china and myanmar is very great .
he expressed the hope that chinese enterprises will have a long - term vision , learn to avoid risks , make careful decisions , establish a good image of enterprises , and ensure the quality of the projects is completed on schedule , and win glory for the country .
the ambassador and the counselor of the tang hai all believed that the upcoming visit to china by premier soe win is an important event in bilateral relations this year , and will be of great significance to promoting political mutual trust , promoting bilateral cooperation , and promoting the further development of sino - myanmar good - neighborly and friendly relations .
the two sides are expected to sign several agreements on economic and trade cooperation during the visit .
world bank to reduce poverty reduction
moscow , february 11 ( xinhua ) world bank president wolfowitz said in moscow on the 11th that the world bank will completely relieve the debts of the poorest countries by the middle of this year .
wolfowitz held talks with russian president putin in moscow on the same day to attend the g - 8 finance ministers ' meeting .
after the meeting , he said that the world bank would hold a meeting before 1 july to implement the debt reduction and exemption program , and that the world bank is now completing all its technical work .
last year , the world bank donated $ 2.8 billion to the country , which was completely relieved of the debts owed by 28 countries , and said that it would fill the funds for the trust funds concerned .
the imf 's creditor 's rights are relatively small , and the organization has started to reduce or waive debts by the end of 2005 .
in addition , wolfowitz expressed his appreciation for russia 's decision to exempt from the debts of 16 african countries .
the high - resolution digital television has gradually become a mainstream in the united states
new york , february 12 ( xinhua ) the following is a new round of the world trade organization ( wto ) , following the high resolution digital television sets ( cosmonaut ) , which have been declining and the market expanding , the us television media agency has also stepped up its efforts to introduce a related high - resolution television program .
the newly - set american supercendant , the american - style olive branch soccer , has become a major topic in the american broadcasting industry to greet the high - qing era .
according to the financial times a few days ago , the us congress recently passed a bill requiring the american broadcasting industry to submit a full - scale suspension of the existing mock television signals on 17 february 2009 , and only to give digital signals .
this means that the us tv program 's complete digitization has already had a clear timetable .
the high resolution rate of digital television should be used to purchase television sets , on the one hand , by means of manufacturing agencies providing high - resolution digital programs .
although digital television has been used repeatedly in the past few years , it has never become a reality .
this issue has taken a turn this year .
according to a report by the american consumer electronics association , the number of digital television sets in the united states will exceed traditional television sets for the first time this year , and 85.5 percent of the digital television sets are high - resolution products .
japanese researchers developed new high - efficiency kidney - producing kidneys
tokyo , february 13 ( xinhua ) the japanese east china sea university research institute has developed a biomedical kidney , which is not only in the same way as human kidney , but also has the same function as human kidney , and it also has the function of retaining material components . it is also small in size and easy to transplant . it is expected that the research will bring benefits to the kidney - kidney patients .
according to the nikkei industrial news , the newly developed biomedical kidney mainly consists of two parts , and some are transcript from blood and water from the filter of waste and water , tse 's , and the other is from the diameter of the former lieutenant general , lieutenant of water diamond and amine 's acid , and other factors that have reused their blood to make the body of the blood 's wine 's wound sterling
the person who made a kidney and a pair of wine and the person 's diameter were made from the silk line of the middle air , and the inner side of the wine was filled with the diameter of the diameter of the diameter function .
this type of skin cell can make several blood penetration causes the disease , the mysterious mysteries of the variability of the blood powder , the mysterious mysteries of the mysterious diarrhea , and return blood , and at the same time , it can also cause the wine , the wine , and the mineral substances that are essential to the body to enter the blood again .
the past human kidney - making method of infiltrating into the purse - controlled differential treatment waste cannot completely be removed from it , and it does not have the ability to return to blood from the blood of inamine acid .
researchers took advantage of the sheep to conduct bio - human kidney transplant experiments , the neutral walls of the human - made kidney - made middle - air silk fuses in the walls of the human - made kidney .
two weeks later , researchers confirmed that the human kidney - making function had been able to play its role .
they are currently developing and using human kidneys to produce kidneys and will be tested in the process of clinical research after verification of their safety .
china 's electric power production safety still faces severe challenges
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the state power supervision and management commission ( sasac ) said on the 13th that although the overall situation of safe production of electric power in 2005 remains stable , the safety of electric power still faces severe challenges .
the state power supervision and management commission vice chairman shi yubo made the above remark at the fifth national telegram production safety meeting held here . he said that in 2005 , china 's power production safety will be generally stable , and the task of turning power to the peak of the summer will be satisfactorily completed , the power supply will be effectively dealt with , and the power supply system will be more stable .
however , he pointed out that as the situation of power supply and demand changes and the large number of newly built generating units are put into operation , the safety of electric power production will face new challenges .
these challenges include regional seasons , diarrhea - deficiency phenomena , and the supply and demand situation in some areas remain tight , and the lack of a good mechanism for electricity and coal supply still exists .
shi yubo said that with the deepening of the reform of the power system , many deep - rooted contradictions will continue to be exposed , how to maintain the stability of the worker contingent and ensure normal production order will become a new issue .
in view of the situation in the production safety work of electric power in 2006 , shi yubo said that it is necessary to further strengthen the basic work of safe production of electric power , quicken the pace of establishing and improving the mechanism for emergency management of electricity safety , enhance the ability to deal with sudden incidents , strengthen the coordination and cooperation of the factory networks , jointly safeguard the safety of the power station , and continue to do a good job in supervising and managing the construction of the dam , and ensure
it has been learned that in light of the new situation in the safe management of electric power , the china national power supervision and management commission will revise and improve the " provisional regulations on investigation of accidents in electric power production " that have been promulgated . meanwhile , relevant documents on the safety of the dam and the second system of the power station will be issued to the state for implementation this year .
in 2005 , the total consumption of electricity in china will reach 246.89 billion kilowatt hours , an increase of 13.455 percent over the same period last year .
in the face of the situation of electricity supply and demand , the conspicuous problems of coal , electricity , oil , and transportation are still rather serious . all power enterprises have taken effective measures to strengthen the management of equipment . the country 's power production did not have an extraordinarily serious equipment accident last year .
the power grid accident has 74 times , a decrease of 127 , and 427 accidents of equipment have occurred , a decrease of 132 cases over the same period last year .
south african envoy to china said south africa does not have a presence in the organization of the criminal acts of chinese citizens .
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has made great efforts to promote the friendly relations between the two countries , and the two sides have made great progress in the development of bilateral relations , said a senior official of the south african embassy in china , the official said here today .
he also said that the south african government would do its utmost to crack down on all forms of criminal activities .
the two sides agreed that the south african government would reduce the number of cases of crimes to zero and hope that each of the foreigners working in south africa would be safely protected by local laws and citizens ' safety .
since 2006 , the number of people in china has increased by a total of four chinese citizens who have been killed in south africa , and the chinese world has shown a wide range of concern .
the chinese foreign ministry has already made representations to south africa and reminded chinese citizens in south africa to further enhance their awareness of security and prevention , and strengthen unity and friendship among overseas chinese compatriots and join the police in cracking down on criminal activities .
let us tell the family members of the victims the most sincere sympathy and condolences .
the two sides exchanged views on the issue and reached a broad consensus on the issue of the south african government 's concern and support for china 's development .
according to a briefing by the chinese embassy in south africa , the south african police have successfully cracked the case of a chinese woman chen jianqing in south africa on 5 february , and a suspect has been arrested .
the police are now hunting another suspect .
according to another report by the south african embassy in china , the criminal suspect involved in the shooting of hong kong businessmen was arrested by the south african police and the property of the victims has been recovered .
speaking about the killing of chinese citizens , the chinese government has always attached great importance to the incident .
according to the tourism commissioner of the south african embassy , the embassy has just completed a total of 2,000 chinese tourists in the first 15 days of this year .
according to chinese official statistics , south africa will have to maintain its military presence in africa in 2005 , with china 's largest trading partner in africa .
bilateral trade volume reached 727 - million us dollars , up 23.0 percent over the same period last year .
however , the travel industry believes that the number of accidents involving chinese citizens in 2004 that occurred one after another has noticeably affected the number of chinese tourists to south africa .
according to statistics from the south african tourism bureau , the number of chinese tourists visiting south africa in the first half of 2005 was 2031 , down 14.9 percent from the same period last year .
the chinese people living in south africa now have around 200,000 people , and the rural areas in south africa .
analysts here believe that the gap between the rich and the poor in south africa , the high unemployment rate , and the rampant spread of guns have not been the threat of death penalty , and the crime rate is still high .
many chinese people do not understand english , have some cash in their hands and home , and are more likely to become targets of criminal elements ' financial attacks .
hong kong , jan. 15 hong kong 's success in promoting english learning and training
hong kong , february 13 ( xinhua ) the hong kong special administrative region ( hksar ) government launched a new project on the 13th in english , with a view to enhancing the english standard of more working people .
this , which is good at learning english , is rich in life , as the theme , includes a series of publicity activities to promote learning and training in english , and to further enhance employers ' understanding of how to help employees improve their english standards .
so far , the scheme has provided nearly 25,000 people with training in english , which has achieved the relevant standard of english in the workplace .
hong kong 's english campaign is one of the major initiatives launched by the sar government in 2000 .
the english campaign of the profession is an important project to provide funding for workplace english training .
the scheme aims to help those who need to apply english in their work , through participating in the training and taking the designated international commercial english examinations , to achieve the standard of english in the relevant categories of work .
the number of hiv infections in the hiv / aids virus is a major factor in the prevention and control of aids in the country .
xinhua news agency , shijiazhuang , february 14 ( reporter dong zhiyong ) the hebei provincial health department recently formulated and issued the " implementation plan for the implementation of the voluntary consultation and testing of aids in hebei " , which clearly stipulated the principle of implementing the principle of free consultation and keeping secret for aids , hoping that to discover to the maximum the infected and the patient , and further implement the prevention and intervention measures and the policy of avoiding the last minute of the four measures .
the " plan " clearly states the specific conditions for the work of voluntary consultation and testing of aids in hebei : the implementation of aids antibody tests and consultation , the voluntary and consultation and consultation and the consent of the public , the inspection and consultation on aids antibody testing and confidentiality , and the appraisal of relevant behaviors of the seeking advisory , the protection of the legitimate rights and interests of hiv carriers and patients , and the provision of appropriate follow - up services for them .
the " plan " requires that the aids consultation and testing points should be set at the places convenient for the consulting , and that for the protection of the selfishness of the consulting , there should be a separate room for consultation .
the information provided by the consulting personnel should be taken into full consideration in the personal quality of the individual , such as the knowledge - based and the ability to exchange .
to protect the privacy of the consulting , the examination leaflets can be registered by code or number .
the " program " also requires that the health administration departments at and above the county level make public the local situation of providing aids free and free medical examination services on a voluntary basis and the telephone number of consultation telephone to facilitate the masses to understand relevant information .
the ministry of public security still holds a key point in extorting confessions by torture .
beijing , february 14 ( xinhua ) the ministry of public security 's deputy chief of police inspector general , zheng baigang , said at a press conference held by the ministry of public security on the 14th that the so - called " inappropriate method " for using inappropriate methods to make criminal suspects plead guilty to china is absolutely not allowed .
the work of the inspectors departments is also focused on preventing the occurrence of these problems .
he also pointed out that some international organizations have been very concerned about the law enforcement situation of chinese police .
the public security ministry 's latest information on 14 june showed that the ministry of public security issued in 2001 the " measures for putting in place deals for public security organs " and " regulations on continuing interrogations " in 2002 . it has better guaranteed that the measures for grassroots public security organs to apply for leave and interrogation according to law are better guaranteed .
since 1997 , to promote the three major aspects of reform ( namely , curbing interrogations by torture , and curbing the abuse of compulsory measures for preventing gun and police force ) , the national public security organs ' inspectors have persisted in going deep into the party , the police , the police force , and the grass - roots law enforcement units at the frontline of law enforcement , including the police force , and the public security supervision and management site , have made clear - cut inspections and re@@
to eradicate the problem of law enforcement at the source , the police inspector 's department further extended the tentacles of law enforcement inspectors , increased the inquiries of the measures to be taken to inquire about the cases of instances of cases involving money , and handling cases of cases of violations of law and order , as well as the insertion of information on robbing and robbing machine - car - car - car - car - car - car information .
hong kong , jan. 15 chinese vice premier wu hui died of illness in taipei
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the taiwan affairs office of the state council , which has been the honorary chairman of the taiwan strait exchange foundation , has been hit by acute heart failure and bloodshed by the acute heart infections and inflexible perversals , and died of illness in taipei early on the morning of 15 february .
sun yun - suan was born in november 1913 in the great hall of the people in guangdong province , penglai , and the electrical engineering department of harbin industrial university .
it is the 10th - 13 th cpc central committee member and the 12 th cpc central committee standing committee member and the 14 th cpc central committee appraisal committee member gao zhongyi , chairman of the presidium of the 15 th cpc central committee .
he once served as minister of communications of taiwan authorities , who was a member of the executive yuan of the ministry of finance , and others .
heilongjiang promotes songjiang water pollution ecological environmental impact assessment and countermeasures
harbin , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has made unremitting efforts to do a good job in the construction of the songhua river 's ice - covered and dry - seeded water and ice - melting project , and to prevent and control the pollution of the songhua river , heilongjiang province will actively promote the implementation of the songhua river 's water pollution ecological environment impact assessment and countermeasures project .
the reporter learned from the heilongjiang environmental protection bureau that the state environmental protection administration has organized the songhua river major pollution incident ecological impact assessment and countermeasures project , which has jointly identified 15 special topics , which are divided into the emergency environmental evaluation and countermeasures of the incident , the evaluation of the ecological impact assessment and countermeasures , and the health control project , which is divided into five stages , and the specific time for the specific arrangement for the completion of the three stages .
at present , there are 10 scientific research institutes and schools in heilongjiang , with a total of over 60 people undertaking 14 technical research tasks .
according to the briefing , the environmental protection departments and relevant scientific research institutes will conduct research on five special topics , such as emergency environmental evaluation and countermeasures for the incident , and strive to solve the environmental problems that the masses are concerned about urgently .
these include the main control of pollutants with surface pollutants and the prediction of total pollutants from the country , the impact on the safety of the drinking water of songhua river water , and the impact of the safety of water supply to the two sides of the river , the impact of water diversion on the city 's water supply , and the plan for formulating the plan for emergency water supply for cities .
the heilongjiang provincial environmental protection department will also intensify environmental protection monitoring along the songhua river , seriously investigate and deal with illegal discharge of pollutants and illegal construction of the environment that has caused serious pollution .
heilongjiang will send environmental law enforcement personnel to urge localities to carry out comprehensive environmental rectification and improvement in small river basins , improve the quality of the feihe and the wanghe river , and other tributaries .
the north university will set up a mourning hall to offer condolences to academician wang xuan
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has made great efforts to build a well - off society in an all - round way in the new century , said the chinese vice - president , who is here to attend the forum , at the opening ceremony of the forum , at the opening ceremony of the 100 th anniversary of the founding of the chinese academy of sciences ( cnbc ) here today .
at 08:00 , the opening time of the hall was not yet on , and dozens of people outside the gate were standing in the long row .
the reporter saw at the grand hall of the beijing university to mark the centenary of the grand anniversary , that the wall of the hall was hanging black streamers , with deep grievances , mourning wang xuan 's wine .
the downward picture is a more than 10 square meters wang xuan 's image . he wore a glasses and showed a smile on his face and a graceful atmosphere .
the two sides of the body that were imprisoned by the monuments were placed on the two sides of the same tree .
one of the salient stories wrote : " the sensation of qin sheng in the glory of tang shaohua was the foundation of the chinese nation , and the first thing that we saw was the main line of the chinese lead .
the hall was filled with a sad and cheeter , and the atmosphere was filled with a heavy load .
the crowd of those who mourned the memorial included the leaders and teachers and students of beijing university , academician wang xuan , friends of academician wang xuan , our fellow students , our neighbors , and many people who have never seen him have also specially come to the memorial .
some of them wore flowers , some carrying flowers , and each person 's chest was wearing small white flowers .
many people could not help but shed their tears .
he was once director of the state administration of cultural heritage , and was an old alumnus of beijing university . he told this reporter that more than 10 years ago , he was still working in henan , and he asked professor wang to give a report on scientific and technological innovation to the provincial party committee cadres .
wang xuan , academician of the chinese academy of social sciences , is a model for us to learn from him . he made great contributions to the country and society , and the people will never forget him .
the beijing university law school , professor jin ruilin , is a professor with wang xuan , an old friend who has been elected for more than 40 years .
a few days ago , he just passed out , and today he insisted on having fun with old friends .
in his letter , mr. jin wrote a message to the press , saying that he could not stop his grief and injury and had time and again polished his tears .
he told reporters that professor wang xuan 's life was very frugal , and that when he was staying at the park , he was already a professor and had already made very high achievements , but still a very small room was living .
later he moved to the chengze garden , and he moved to a place of 780 square meters .
beijing university has provided him with a large amount of funds for the 140 - square - meter large house in the blue camp , and fangzheng building has provided him with high - level housing , and he does not want to say something about it .
mr kim said with deep feeling that wang xuan had been very active in foreign countries during his overseas visit , and he had to leave him with great treatment .
after he started up , he insisted on not applying for an academician , and after being mobilized on many occasions , he went to fill out the name of the academician .
mr jeffrey jin said that he was deeply impressed by the attitude of wang xuan towards the cultivation of young people . he emphasized on many occasions that now he has seen what i have achieved , not looking at myself , but rather relying on the cultivation of young people .
mr. jin said : the 50 - year - old wang chose - general began to pay attention to cultivating young people . he always emphasized that it is necessary to pave the way for young people to pave the way for them .
this is a very good thing for a very successful scientist .
the reporter learned from the beijing university news center that starting from 9 am to 12 noon on 15 february , the weather was fine and dry with the number of academicians wang xuan 's cannons being open to the public from 0900 to 1900 hours a day .
the " three represents " is a great creation of the chinese people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] national committee vice chairman lu zhongyuan , academician of the chinese academy of engineering , academician of the third world academy of sciences , wang xuan , academician of beijing university , who died of illness at 11:33 on 13 february at beijing and hospital , and was 70 years old .
chinese vice - premier meets chilean parliament
wu bangguo attended the signing ceremony and signed the agreement .
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the national people 's congress ( npc ) standing committee chairman wu bangguo attended the opening ceremony of the china - chile political dialogue at the great hall of the people on the afternoon of february 15 , and signed the agreement .
the chinese npc and chilean parliament have officially established their exchange mechanism .
it is reported that chilean senate president romano and senate speaker amsio assenio recently held a meeting in santiago , the capital of chile .
according to the agreement , the two sides will , in accordance with the principles laid down in the sino - chilean joint communique on the establishment of diplomatic relations , establish a political dialogue relationship between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament , hold a meeting at an irregular intervals between the two countries , and jointly promote the comprehensive development of bilateral relations .
chilean ambassador to china kaleilora attended the signing ceremony .
china to introduce information network protection regulations
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a website to provide a wide range of services to the media , including newspapers and magazines , to help the media to report the latest developments in the country , said the official with the state copyright bureau , wang ziqiang , director of the copyright department of the state copyright bureau , at a press conference held by the state council information office on the 15 th .
wang ziqiang said : according to the existing law , newspapers and periodicals have already published works that can not cater to the needs of the author , and newspapers and periodicals can not use their works without the consent of the author . at the same time , the state copyright bureau has formulated special standards for the transfer of newspapers and periodicals in accordance with the law .
however , according to the existing law , newspapers and periodicals enjoy such legal permission , and the internet does not enjoy such legal permission right now .
according to the relevant judicial explanations made by the supreme people 's court , the use of the method of using newspapers and periodicals to transmit legal licenses can be applied to the internet , that is , the small articles published on the internet by newspapers and periodicals , and the author did not make any comment on the word . the internet may not be used without permission , and at the same time , it must pay remuneration .
however , as judicial interpretation has not set a standard for remuneration , it is not appropriate to use these works when the internet is used .
the ministry of public security issued a circular on the use of these short - term works on the internet is not applicable to the application of the law , but it also needs to determine from the legal level .
wang ziqiang said : is it possible to incorporate it into the scope set by the law and to have this right to disseminate information network to be confirmed by this year 's regulations on protecting the dissemination of information network ?
us , russian military talk about georgia 's parliamentary resolution not to affect russian peacekeeping operations
moscow , february 15 ( xinhua ) the russian government has decided to withdraw the army from the west bank , which is the largest military power in the country , according to a press official of the russian ministry of national defense , on wednesday
the russian state duma ( lower house ) chairman of the cis committee , kobko , expressed his views on the resolution of the georgian parliament on the day that the georgian side 's resolution on the russian peacekeeping forces would undermine the stability of the situation in the region and would have an adverse impact on russian - russian relations .
he stressed that the g8 resolution has made russia - georgia relations move toward a worsening direction .
he said that georgia is very concerned about russia 's accusations .
the georgian parliament passed a resolution on that day demanding that the russian peacekeeping forces stop their peacekeeping operations in the south ossetia , but the specific deadline for the withdrawal of russian peacekeeping forces .
the georgian parliament accused russia of not fulfilling its obligations and also listed russia as a " threat " to its actions in the conflict area .
the georgian parliament urged the government to take active actions to consider the possibility of entering the international peacekeeping force in the conflict area of south ossetia to replace russia 's current peacekeeping operations in the region .
the georgian parliament also instructed the government to revise and determine the relevant agreements on russian peacekeeping personnel entering the conflict area .
the south ossetia is an autonomous state in georgia , and it has a border with the republic of the russian north ossetia .
after the disintegration of the former soviet union , it declared independence on its own and has long been in a state of confrontation with the central government of georgia .
at present , russia has stationed a large number of russian peacekeeping forces in the region .
this unit is a unit based on the 1992 russian michigan bogualus suisandra signed an agreement to enter the military base .
liaoyuan hospital fire four people responsible for the case will be punished for suspected major accidents .
changchun , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a special emergency rescue team in the city of liaoyuan , jilin province , to investigate the accident , said zhang diankun , head of the hospital 's electrical work squad , and four others , who were suspected of having committed major accidents .
on 15 december 2005 , the largest city in liaoyuan city , the fire broke out at the hospital in the center , and the result was the death of 39 people .
in this fire , the fire - covered area was over 5,000 square meters .
it is understood that this was the first time that the national medical and health system had undergone the fire since the founding of new china .
according to investigations , at 1630 hours on the day of the incident , the liaoyuan city hospital suddenly stopped its power supply . according to the design of the hospital 's circuit , if power supply is suspended , the power grid will automatically be diverted to the deputy gate and continue to maintain the normal power supply of the hospital , but the electric gate at that time was not automatically switched off , and the power supply by zhang diankun , head of the electric work squad
the number of mobile underground cables that were covered by cigarettes , and the unsealed cables of more than 10 cables were all linked together , and such cables should be placed in an extremely smooth manner and fire prevention levels should be set up .
therefore , the 57 - year - old liaoyuan textile company 's electrical installation team leader zhao yongchun , who is a retired cadre ( senior engineer ) of the liaoyuan electric industry bureau , sun fenglin , returned to the company to employ staff member jin chengtai , who was suspected of major responsibility , will be charged .
the china rural tourism guizhou first tour , which is the first in tianlong , is being held in the city of tin lung .
xinhua news agency , guiyang , february 16 ( reporter shi xinrong ) on the morning of the 16th , tianlong village , tianlong town , pingdam , guizhou province , wore the festive clothes one after another , and the face was filled with joy .
at 10 : 30 in the morning , the five - year campaign ended , young long - sleeper , who is 80 years old , zheng peqin , who is wearing a long - sleeved shirt , sounded the first song of the chinese rural tour of guizhou .
the tin lung castle peak village is a typical representative of the rural tourism development of guizhou and a national model tourist spot .
as the host of the year of the red army in the ming dynasty , the man of castle in tuen mun has been a bit more than 600 years of history .
here , it can be seen that the chinese people who wear long - sleeved blue long - pronged rings , the ancient han culture and jewelry in the tabulaizhai village of tabao .
it is understood that the tianlong village , relying on this cultural tradition advantage , has developed rural cultural tourism from 2002 . in 2005 , the income of the admission tickets alone will reach 3.8 million yuan , and more than 470 percent of the peasant households will participate in tourism through eating cinema , selling tourist products , and so on . the per capita income of peasants has increased from over 1,300 yuan in 2002 to more than 260 - million yuan in 2005 .
guizhou tourism bureau chief yang shengming told the reporter that following the construction of the first yolong castle in tianlong , the new tourism experience in the new rural areas , the new style of feith , and the new style of the new style , the various rural tourism activities in guizhou will be carried out in 35 areas this year .
so far , 130 - plus villages in guizhou have launched various rural tourism projects , and by 2005 , the number of rural households in the province has extricated themselves from poverty through developing tourism .
in january , 70 cities nationwide saw an increase of 5.5 percent in housing prices , and shanghai housing prices continued to decline .
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has made a total of 140 million yuan ( about 370,000 us dollars ) in housing prices in 70 large and medium - sized cities in the country , a rise of 5.5 percent in january , according to the state statistics office .
the shanghai housing prices continued to decline .
the state development and reform commission held a national statistical bureau released on 16 june , which showed that most of the 70 large and medium - sized cities sold their housing prices in january this year , a small increase over the same period last year . the increase in the sales prices of shanghai 's housing continued to fall , a 0.44 percent decrease over the same period last year .
the same standard statistics show that in the first quarter of last year , the prices of shanghai 's housing sales still went up by 19.1 percent over the same period last year , and the turning point appeared in the second half of last year , with a slight decline in the same period last year .
in january this year , 70 large and medium - sized cities have registered a 6.9 percent increase in the prices of housing in new commodities , a 0.2 percentage point lower than last month .
the newly established commodity housing prices have increased by a relatively high rate of increase , including dalian 18.999 percent , huanqiu 14.7 percent , the shenzhen 10.09 percent , the longest in chengdu , 8.4 percent , and the shanghai down by 3.1 percent , compared with the same period last year .
the organization department of the cpc central committee urged further efforts to supervise the selection and appointment of leading cadres and cadres .
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the central organization department recently issued a circular on strengthening the work of supervising cadres .
the opinions urged organization departments at all levels to proceed from the requirement of strictly managing and caring for cadres and to carry out cadre supervision throughout the process of cadre training and education , examine and select and employ the regular management links , and establish and improve the mechanism of supervision work which requires strict correction , and strengthen supervision over the selection and appointment of leading cadres and cadres .
the opinions pointed out : the main task of organization departments in supervising cadres is to conduct supervision over leading bodies and leading cadres , with the focus on strengthening supervision over principal responsible persons of leading bodies , and second , supervision over the work of selecting and appointing party and government leading cadres , with the focus on grasping the implementation of the " regulations on the work of selecting and appointing party and government leading cadres . "
in the process of making supervision over leading bodies and leading cadres , the opinions suggested that we should unswervingly do a good job in education on ideals and convictions and in the work of fighting corruption and promoting clean government , and carry education through the cultivation , selection , and management of cadres ; guide and urge leading cadres to strengthen their cultivation of party spirit ; persist in building a party that serves the interests of the public ;
the newly promoted cadres should be given the following guidance when speaking on the issue of honesty and self - discipline .
we should urge leading bodies at all levels to uphold democratic centralism , establish and improve rules and procedures for making policy decisions , and conscientiously implement the system of combining collective leadership with individual division of labor .
we should focus on the study of supervision over the principal responsible persons of leading bodies , and organize the responsible persons of departments ( personnel ) of the organization ( personnel ) departments should often talk with the principal responsible persons of the next level of leading bodies , and understand their ideological style and work style .
establish and improve the system of day - to - day management and supervision of leading cadres , and regularly understand and analyze the ideological and work style of the leading cadre contingent , and put forward opinions and measures for resolving problems .
the practice of leading cadres ' admonitory talk and consultation system and discovering symptoms of problems are timely carried out to admonish the people or to ask for advice .
the problems that the masses have reported about should be seriously investigated and understood , and those that really have problems should be criticized and educated or handled according to the relevant organizations . those who violate the law and discipline should be transferred to law and discipline enforcement organs , and those who have not been investigated should be clarified in appropriate ways .
at the same time , it is necessary to integrate strengthening supervision with encouraging cadres to boldly explore new ways and innovate , and pay attention to discovering and commending outstanding cadres .
the opinions urged : party organizations ( personnel ) departments at all levels should effectively strengthen supervision over the work of selecting and appointing leading party and government cadres .
further improve the system of selecting cadres through recommendation , examine their comments , and examine their decisions on issues , and strictly implement the system of selecting and employing people , so as to make sure that they are politically reliable and that they are able to do something in their work .
we should strengthen supervision over the implementation of the regulations on appointing cadres , and seriously investigate and handle behaviors that violate the regulations on appointing cadres , and resolutely check unhealthy trends and corruption in the use of cadres .
the system of using people in serious violation of regulations and regulations should be implemented , and efforts should be made to supervise and investigate and handle the problems .
we should establish and improve the system for investigating and affixing responsibility for the work of selecting and appointing cadres , and should scientifically define the principal responsibility of the principal body of responsibility for every link of the work of selecting and appointing cadres in accordance with the principle of equality between power and responsibility . we should clearly define the method of investigating and affixing responsibility for the work of selecting and appointing cadres and intensify the efforts to investigate and affix the responsibility .
we should give full play to the role of mass supervision , establish and improve the mechanism of reporting cases with safety and efficiency .
we should give play to the role of supervision by public opinion , and report to the media about the work of selecting and appointing cadres in a timely manner , so as to accept supervision by public opinion .
the opinions pointed out that it is necessary to further improve the mechanism of coordination and cooperation in cadre supervision .
organizing ( personnel ) departments should strengthen their contacts with discipline inspection organs , establish a mechanism for conducting investigation and study with discipline inspection organs on the situation of the work of improving the party 's work style and building a clean and honest government , and strengthen their supervision and joint efforts .
and with the discipline inspection organs to earnestly do a good job in the inspection work , improve the inspection methods , improve the inspection system , and improve the quality of inspection .
in conjunction with the auditing organs , they have conscientiously implemented the system of auditing leading cadres ' economic responsibilities .
we should improve the system of internal supervision in selecting and appointing cadres in organization departments .
hong kong , jan. 15 the taiwan authorities have made an attempt to illegally invest in the mainland from a high - tech leading enterprise to a large number of enterprises
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has made a decision to impose " no haste , be patient " on taiwan 's economy , the department in charge of economic affairs of the taiwan authorities decided to punish the five - million new taiwan dollars ( lianyang ) , one of the biggest beneficiaries of the united states , on 15 february , for reasons of providing unlawful assistance to china in building itself into a ship - based and technology company on the mainland .
taiwan 's chung - kuo shih - pao reported that this was chen shui - bian 's positive management and effective opening of the cross - strait economic and trade policy . after he made a policy decision , the taiwan authorities punished taiwan businessmen investing in the mainland .
according to reports , the taiwan economic investment company will be tried by the insider , saying that the joint power company was punished because it violated the regulations governing relations between the people on both sides of the strait and the rules governing the operations of investment and technological cooperation in the mainland region .
in the future , the trial will be conducted in a bid to link up with the situation before the company 's former chairman cao xingcheng and others .
the joint power company , the first case in february 2005 , was started . in february 2005 , taiwan prosecutors sent more than 100 people to the homes and offices of several high - level people of the united telecommunications company to conduct a surprise inspection . they claimed that the united telecommunications company 's investment on the mainland and its technology of the warship 's illegal capital , technology , and human resources were illegally provided .
the united microelectronics group chairman cao xingcheng then openly stated that the united microelectronics company did not violate any regulations of the taiwan authorities , and it was for the long - term interests of united microelectronics to provide assistance to the company . if it does not enter the mainland market as soon as possible , it will lose its business opportunities .
after that , the taiwan authorities ' panic financial supervisory and management committee had breached the rules on commercial information disclosure , and imposed a fine of 3 - million new taiwan dollars on the united microelectronics .
on 9 january 2006 , the board of directors of the united microelectronics company accepted cao xingcheng 's resignation , and cao xingcheng was arrested for violating regulations on investing in the mainland several hours later .
the united microelectronics company and taiwan chip circuit company ( for short , binding the voice of taiwan ) and claimed that the strong - handedness of taiwan is the leading enterprise on the island .
the taiwan authorities have been trying to make a series of moves in investigating and dealing with the united microelectronics industry over the past year , and this has been a great concern of all circles on the island .
hong kong , jan. 15 the second term of the year of the romantic clarion of macao in my heart was a grand ceremony to win the chinese worldwide .
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has made great efforts to promote the development of the chinese culture industry in the country , according to the macao branch of the second largest competition , which is the first of its kind in macao , which is a part of china 's ancient civilization , the organizing committee of the second grand slope of the second round of competition , said here today .
this piece of essay contest was jointly organized by the macao foundation and the baihua literature publishing house , " the foreign edition of the panorama . " chen jiangong , vice chairman of the chinese writers association , and other members of the appraisal committee .
in 2004 , the total number of macao residents who were in the heart of me was on the fifth anniversary of the return of macao to the motherland , and the chinese and foreign literature lovers actively responded , and the organizing committee received more than 8,000 entries , and more than 10 award winners were invited to the macao sar to receive awards .
the executive member of the macao foundation , wu zhiliang , told the press conference on 17 january that last year , the historical city of hanoi was listed as a world cultural heritage list . this not only implies that the long - term way of life and community management of macao , but also implies that the chinese nation has different kinds of humanistic traditions , which have been inherited and developed in macao , and the macao sar government decided to make the final decision in 2006 to make the cultural
wu zhiliang said : it is precisely under this good cultural atmosphere that the macao foundation and the baihua literature publishing house " will recooperate , " make a joint effort , and hold the second mangiowan grand parade in macao , which is deep in my heart . he hoped that participants will show their patriotic love for macao and macao through their works , display macao 's unique cultural integrity , stability , and auspicious image , and further establish the image of macao 's new
according to the information , the competition will be held on 1 september this year , and the " foreign edition of the essay sea " will open a column to select the entries .
the results of the appraisal will be announced in early 2007 in the macao sar .
shandong has successfully implemented a new diagnosis surgery for infants
xinhua news agency , jinan , february 17 ( zhang yucqing , shen yao ) the diagnosis disease center of the jinan military region recently successfully implemented a surgery of infants ' heart transplant operation .
the reporter discovered a large number of drug - related diseases in the center on 17 august , and the baby was full of red walls in the rear of the night . all the monitoring and inspection indicators were normal and smoothly passed the dangerous period . the patients were playing with the toys they bought .
according to the medical doctor who received the same day , the patient from the taian rural area of shandong province was taken to the hospital by his parents and was completely green and purple . he was diagnosed with the inoculate sinaniangiosis and was required to undergo heart transplant .
the cardiac transplant surgery is the most difficult and most complicated surgery .
in particular , the number of baby children under one year is under the age of one , and currently they are still blank in the country .
the jinan military region 's cardiovascular disease research institute organized experts to repeatedly verify that the plan was carefully designed and the plan for post - operation supervision , and independent innovation was made in the method of blood - related codes , and animal experiments were conducted .
on 28 december 2005 , at 08:00 am , the operation began .
the cardiac was taken from a former congenital and chronic caused by a sudden inappropriate breath .
the operation should be in line with six blood vessels , and it should be integrated with more than 510 needles , and each needle is less than 3 mm .
the second artillery force was fired at the scene .
the state administration of safety : curbing major accidents like coal mines has been the focus of this year .
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has sent a letter to the us government to the chinese side to the rescue workers in the past year , said a senior official of the ministry of coal industry ( cnbc ) here today
the reporter learned from the state administration of production safety on 17 april that to truly curb the serious accidents of coal mines and other coal mines , the top priority is to ensure that coal mines are issued .
the safety of coal mines and the general administration of safety in coal mines will be grasped in the following three aspects :
you keep a wine in the heart of your heart and fight a tough battle .
the vajpayee was first removed from the old place this year .
if gao wa mineshaft did not take the lead and take the lead in making a fuss , it would be necessary to order him to stop production immediately .
you keep a guard , continue to fight the battle of rectifying and closing down .
we should regard the state council 's 5243 and the local authorities ' recent reports on the situation in the coal pits that have recently been reported to the public , and the fact that more than 700 coal mines have been closed down .
we should regard the closure and closure as a regular task and should constantly close down those enterprises that do not have safety conditions for damaging resources .
he said : the state council has made great efforts to strengthen the management of coal mines .
we must immediately correct the mistakes of a few large state - owned mines , and guide the chaotic management of small mines , so as to establish a standardized security management system .
in particular , we should grasp key state - owned coal mines , and we must absolutely not permit superstitious personnel production .
the production safety control targets set this year require that the number of people killed in all kinds of accidents in the country will be reduced by 3percent over last year , with coal mines falling by 3.5 percent .
one death , more than 10 people , and several deaths , have dropped by 5percent , of which the coal mine has dropped by 7percent .
these control targets have been assigned to the provincial - level people 's governments , and all localities are now working in separate strides to ensure the implementation of these targets at the grass - roots level and enterprises .
statistics show that the total number of coal miners killed in 2005 will be 5986 , a decrease of 0.775 percent over the same period last year .
however , the 10 victims and more than 10 people were on the rise , and the number of people killed was 66.6 percent higher than the corresponding period of last year .
us president to visit china again in kosovo
xinhua news agency , belgrade , february 17 , by wire ( reporter yi he yi ) plyonne news : eu commission president barroso on the 17 th said in pristina , the capital of kosovo , that he hoped the parties concerned would make good preparations for compromise in the future process of kosovo 's status talks and work to eventually establish a democratic and multi - ethnic integration .
barroso met with the president of the interim kuwait authority , sidiyoniu , and representatives of the serbian people , who were in kosovo , on the same day , and told the media that the parties concerned in kosovo should have a tolerant attitude and establish a democratic and multi - ethnic integration . kosovo , which respects the government 's regime and protects the rights and interests of minority nationalities , is recognized by the international community .
he also stressed that the european commission would do its best to help kosovo develop .
barroso also expressed his appreciation for the current plan of kosovo for the implementation of the eight standards set by the united nations for the progress of kosovo 's democracy .
he said that the implementation of these standards is an important factor affecting the integration of kosovo and europe .
he also urged all the serbian people in kosovo to join the various organizations in kosovo to make due contributions to the realization of democracy and the integration of various nationalities in kosovo .
barroso arrived in kosovo on the same day to attend the two - day visit .
earlier , barroso visited croatia and cyprus , and he will also visit macedonia and bosnia - herzegovina .
( winter olympics ) the doping agency 's news analysis : sending out the serbian incident may be an unclear thing .
xinhua news agency , duin , february 17 - xinhua news analysis : the release of the classified story of the republic of china may be an unclear thing .
xinhua news agency reporter gao peng , ding ying
although italy has repeatedly said that the duin winter olympics will be held in the city of zambian , the athletes who use stimulants may face the panic of the prison , but judging from various situations , such a situation is not too likely to occur in the first case of the scandal of the stimulants of russian winter olympics , even though the main player , the brush , is the bronze - duy , the russian athlete , .
the winter olympics in turin exploded on the 16th , the first case of stimulants since the opening of the winter games , and obique bovika was found using a drug - prohibited card .
the ioc announced the next day that the sending of lev had been out of the winter olympics , and she won the winter olympics games in the current winter olympics games with a silver medal of 15 kilometers .
the international winter events league has won the international olympic games on the same day .
the international olympic committee has always stipulated that the athletes are found to be using stimulants in the olympic games , and that they will be eliminated and their qualifications will be deprived , but they are not subject to legal sanctions .
however , according to italian law , the number of people carrying and using stimulants is a criminal act , and the judiciary has the right to directly arrest and investigate and use stimulants , and to test the law - defectors are still facing a period of three months to three years ' imprisonment .
in december last year , the ioc and the italian government , after a year of hard bargaining , finally reached an agreement , and both sides agreed to set up a new round of negotiations on the use of stimulants by the athletes in accordance with the italian law during the current winter olympics .
the ioc has made unremitting efforts to promote the development of the country 's economy and the economy , and has made great efforts to promote the development of the country 's economy .
it has been reported that the italian government has monitored the duin winter olympics , and that the italian government has sent the doping incident to the duin procuratorial organs .
however , the ioc and peter kandter himself have not confirmed the case .
the russian winter season , two teammates , andiymov , revealed at noon on 17 august that the sending of lev had left turin and returned to china .
he has been playing an important role in the chinese sports officials , shi kangcheng , who has been working in the world anti - doping agency for many years , said that this matter may eventually be a mere trick .
shi said that the ioc and the italian government have made great progress in the anti - doping issue at the winter olympics , and that even the italian procuratorial organs have really intervened in this matter , it is hard to say .
according to the previous agreement on the use of stimulants by italian athletes , the number of illegal immigrants received was the highest .
therefore , the italian antony news agency 's senior reporter pele said that the possibility of sending lena into prison is somewhat diametrically opposed , and the most fine is fine .
pierre also said that although the italian court could conduct a absentee trial , the italian police could not go abroad to send the leavers back to serve their sentence .
if the sergeants refuse to accept the verdict , the italian side would not have found her any way .
according to a comprehensive source , the new epidemic point continues to emerge in the world from various countries to strictly guard against the epidemic .
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has made a comprehensive report on the spread of bird flu in the african continent , a xinhua news agency reported here today .
the world health organization confirmed on 17 august that three areas in egypt have found bird flu dead .
in europe , france also discovered for the first time the virus of five types of bird flu , europe was highly vigilant and strengthened precautions against diseases .
the world health organization 's east mediterranean regional adviser hassan bush told the press in egypt on 17 august that the current number of people in cairo , cairo , and the three areas in the south of the country , has already discovered dead birds of the virus of the 5th type of virus , and relevant departments of the egyptian government have started to kill poultry that are suspected of infected with bird flu .
experts pointed out that egypt is the first country to migrate birds from the middle east and north africa , and that migratory birds may carry bird flu virus into the country .
egypt has announced that it has banned imports of live poultry from other countries and stepped up quarantine work at border ports .
cameroon 's capital of hajana , a chicken farm , has been tested in the past week by more than 800 chickens .
cameroon has decided to suspend the outbreak of bird flu in nigeria , and import all poultry and pork from the country , and suspend the import of poultry and related products on the markets of all markets in the two countries ' border .
the government also announced that the government has set up a network of epidemic monitoring networks covering the whole border within a short period of time , and the country 's basd center and national veterinary laboratory are in emergency and awaiting orders , so as to carry out laboratory tests on the dietary stra - type virus at any time .
in europe , denmark and sweden have initially ruled out the epidemic on 17 august .
the swedish veterinary institute issued a statement on the death of the dead swans found on wednesday , indicating that sweden 's sweepers did not have bird flu virus .
the danish national veterinary administration 's initial laboratory also showed that the virus found in denmark 's territory 30 dead sans had not been infected with bird flu virus .
however , the agriculture department said that denmark still cannot take it lightly .
romania 's economy has been on the rise since the beginning of this year , and the world health organization experts said in bucharest on the 17th that almost all of the regions in the danube delta have bird flu , and it must treat this situation seriously , and romania may continue to be threatened by bird flu in the next three to five years .
in bangladesh , asia , the government has taken all necessary measures to prevent avian flu .
the government 's domestic livestock services bureau has provided relevant officials with books on the prevention of avian influenza and has also organized poultry farmers to undergo training .
( newspaper clippings ) china 's first joint blood information management system established in zhejiang
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the blood center of zhejiang province revealed that china 's first joint blood data management network system has recently been officially established and put into use in the center .
the relevant responsible person of the zhejiang provincial blood center said that this means that any citizen will be killed in any county ( city danhao ) in zhejiang province in the future by blood supply organizations , and there will be a single set of code - named records . when he comes back with blood again , he will be able to make blood and make a contribution to the last bloody record , such as the input of relevant code , the personal information , the last time of his blood donation ,
the responsible person further explained that if the import of relevant code numbers , systems will show that no compensation for the loss of blood is not available , it will be notified that it does not conform to the conditions of blood donation .
this will not only protect the lives of the devotees themselves , but also effectively protect the health and safety of the people who use blood .
in addition , when blood supply is strained , the donors and their families have the right to give priority to blood use , so long as you have the valid documents of the devotees , you can immediately show the blood donors ' information , which is quite convenient .
according to a report in hangzhou 's " today 's morning post , " the information system has been installed in all 36 blood - transmitted organs throughout the province , and the blood resources of blood - transfuelled organs in the province have also been displayed in real time , and the province has achieved the share of data .
to prevent the recurrence of landslides in 11 villages in the philippines ,
manila , february 18 ( xinhua ) philippine government has decided to impose a ban on the use of the hillside in 11 villages in eastern philippines , a philippine government official said on thursday .
the government has been trying to stop the malaria - related dispute , but the government has been trying to stop the country from being forced to withdraw from the country , officials from the ministry said .
the 11 countries that have withdrawn will be rehoused in seven evacuated centers .
lyalas said : the government yesterday ordered residents to leave , and today they sent people to inspect these villages because some people did not want to leave their homes .
on the 17 th , the mountain slope incident occurred in the southern part of saint sodium town of sbell , southern lyon , and viewed from the television pictures , soil and stone have been buried in the entire village , and only a few roof can be seen .
as the soil is very thicker and humidity , the truck buried under it can survive very uncertain .
the number of suspected cases of deaths and injuries of 109 people has been found and 57 people have been rescued .
according to estimates , the cause of the accident may reach as high as 1,800 .
( overseas chinese affiliated with overseas chinese ) quanzhou , southern fujian province , increased by 35.2 percent in the first month of this year over the same period of last year
xinhua news agency , fuzhou , february 19 ( guo yu ) the january export volume of quanzhou city continued to maintain a high growth momentum .
according to customs statistics , in january , the total amount of exports to quanzhou was 330 - million us dollars , the best in history , an increase of 35.2 percent over the same period last year , and higher than the average growth level of the whole province .
according to a report by the foreign economic relations bureau of quanzhou city , the reason why quanzhou 's foreign trade in january could grow high speed was mainly attributable to the role of several foreign trade support services in quanzhou , the enthusiasm of enterprises for exports was rising , the economic operation of quanzhou was active , the confidence of enterprises in business operation was strengthened , and the environment of high - efficiency and unimpeded foreign trade development was enhanced .
