the number of people who were affected by the death of the baby girl was stolen .
london , march 6 , 2007
the daily bull in london pointed out that the two computers were installed with the death toll in paris of princess diana in 1997 and were placed under the charge of the former metropolis police chief .
the report pointed out that the theft case has caused people to speculate that the computer might have a computer that was hidden by former metropolis police chief , sir john smithson .
however , a senior metropolis police officer , a police spokesman said that there was no sensitive information in the computer or related information .
" the chinese people are very happy to see the great development of the relationship between the two countries , " said sir steven , chief of the british nobel security bureau .
the report said that the company had been operating in the city of northwestern china in the past 10 days and the police had been investigating two cases of theft .
a car bomb exploded in the southern part of the country 's central bank from january 28 to 29 , and the second theft occurred last week , no loss of any loss .
norwegian police said that no evidence showed that the two robbers and the thomas sir thomas were involved .
" the chinese people have been looking for the prince of wales , " said the spokesman .
the royal family of diagnosed corpse , mr brown , ordered a further investigation of the relevant evidence in 2004 .
the dainara princess diana was awarded the right to the court of first instance for her to die in a traffic accident in the paris tunnel on august 31 , 1997 .
the french police have conducted two years of investigation and believed that the cause of the accident was caused by the driver 's drink driving and taking drugs , which led to the failure of the vehicle to control the tragedy .
the sri lankan war and the two sides agreed to hold talks in geneva in late june
afp , lun po .
the home mediation center has been conducting a series of activities in the region , including the " east turkistan " terrorist activities , the " peace mission " in the region , the norwegian foreign ministry said .
norwegian peace envoy solheim said in london that the united states has been trying to persuade the united states to take part in the negotiations on the tiger liberation tiger in the region .
norwegian embassy in beijing issued a statement saying that the parties involved in the conflict , namely the sri lankan government and the tamil tigers organization , which demanded the norwegian government to assist in the holding of negotiations in geneva on 22 february .
two days of negotiations will focus on how to strengthen the negotiation process of the cease - fire agreement which will come into effect on 23 february 2002 , and this agreement has not been fully observed by both sides .
the norwegian embassy said that both sides will discuss ways to improve and implement the cease - fire agreement , which is also the first time that the two sides have held face - to - face negotiations at such a high level in the past three years .
solhaiim said that he will lead norwegian team to participate in the negotiations , and the tiger group of the tamil tiger liberation tiger , led by elmer barzan , will lead the sri lankan government .
he said : i am a man who has been leading to peace but an important step .
the resolution of the ethnic conflict in sri lanka was the first face - to - face negotiations held in japan in march 2003 , but the talks were held in japan in march 2003 .
du qinglin 's winter olympics unveils south - north korea delegation 's hand - in - hand
afp , david kurinlin , april 10 ,
article 20 . the winter olympic games are held in dulin today . the interactive and intertwined south korea and north korea , which were both enemies during the cold war , joined hands in the ceremony .
south korean women 's skating ricing competitor li baola and north korean men 's flower skating competitor han jen - jen were respectively the top champion of the two countries ' teams and led south korea 's team to enter the winter sports ground .
this is the first time that south korea and north korea have won the olympic team in the winter olympics .
to reflect the latest developments in the two sides ' efforts to repair the spirit of reconciliation in recent years , the sydney summer olympics in 2000 and the athens olympics in 2004 , the south and north koreans ' representatives teams both joined the team .
north korea has not taken part in the north korean war games in yinhu city , the united states .
the korean peninsula was divided into two countries in 1948 to implement capitalism and communism . the two sides held a summit meeting in beijing from 1950 to 1953 .
the southern province of michigan held a peace summit in 2000 , and the relations between the two sides became better .
according to the tradition , the greek team is the first country to be admitted , and the first one in 80 countries to participate in the competition , south korea is the 22 nd runner - up north korea , 23 .
the owner of the land , the grand leg , is the last one to attend , and when the rightist team entered the stadium , the audience immediately sounded a warm welcome and applauded .
" we have been indulged in drugs to quickly awaken the way to create a new era in the performing arts .
new york , march 16 , 2007
the united states , which is recognized as the most hopeful to win this year 's oscar emperor , is a movie stars , a cold blood - shaking man , a man 's leading player , paul hovman , revealed that he was indulged in drugs and wine while he was at a small number of years of rarely indulgence , and that he was lucky to have succeeded in initiating a peak of his performing arts .
" we are pleased to note that the us government has been trying to make a decision on the issue of the internet in the 60 minutes of a speech at the columbia broadcasting company .
at that time he was only 20 years old , and he just graduated from the opera department of new york university , and entered a five - light society , and his daily life was rapidly rotating , and finally he was turned into a dull - witted , and he lost control .
he was 22 years old and was in the class .
the upcoming fifth session of the 10 th apec economic leaders ' meeting will be held in beijing next month .
on the other hand , he had a profound artistic performance . he had already received many awards .
the 38 - year - old actor said in the interview that if he did not have a firm determination before the name of the person , he could not have the support of osaka .
he said that he was very admired by those people who suddenly became famous in the age of 19 .
the bird flu - stricken area is now in europe 's turbulence
brussels , march 16 , 2007
the avian flu virus has been continuously occurring in europe , causing panic .
the european commission 's executive committee has set up a new section of the commission to control the entire virus countries into its management , prohibiting all birds from transporting biosecurity .
the african government and the african government have been trying to help the deadly child - care problem .
egyptian officials are investigating a suicide bomb in a farm in southern province .
the european chicken market is affected by the virus , and the big decline is slowing down . the eu executive committee emphasized that there is no reason to panic .
the executive committee is responsible for the health and food safety executive committee , mr richard potti , said that the public 's concern for this matter is understandable but it is not necessary to react too much .
following the previous virus detection point , three kilometers of protection area and 10 kilometres of warning zone , the eu executive committee again introduced new regulations to disseminate the entire european region where the virus is discovered to be found to be a buffer zone .
a man who was unwilling to be named pointed out that everyone was nervous and had a very bad impression of the united states in handling the " europe - europe " epidemic from every day to night .
the european region has so far had a total of austria 's regenerations , ivory , and romano , romania 's duowero and russia 's territory in europe .
romania announced on the 16 th that the 31 st case of the 31 st case of the slovenian ivoire , greece , and germany 's ruins island also discovered new cases .
italy 's southern part is the first one in two ducks to detect the avian flu virus .
eu officials are most worried about the impending flight from africa .
the government of nigeria is strengthening its work to prevent the spread of the virus in the african continent .
the government of nigeria announced that all the poultry farms in the vicinity of the infected farm will be closed to the public regardless of whether they are threatened by the virus .
neighboring countries , niger government announces national alert and allocates 4 million us dollars of emergency plans to monitor and reorganize the border of nigeria .
the newly established national emergency committee said that they received notification that the two countries had reached a consensus on the establishment of a new joint emergency mechanism in the border of the songa border , which is a loosened border area .
china 's electronic banking management new regulation to be implemented on march 1
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 6 th , by reporter jie and xu bobo reporter learned from the china banking regulatory commission on the 6th that the " procedures for managing electronic banking business " and the " guidelines for the safety of electronic banking " that the banking regulatory commission recently issued will come into effect on 1 march 2006 .
the banking regulatory commission spokesman said that according to the management measures , foreign - funded financial institutions ' examination and approval methods have basically not changed , that is , after foreign banks have been allowed to operate on - line banking business , if the new internet banking varieties are added , the main report of the branch should be submitted to the bank in china for examination .
to regulate the use of the internet by commercial banks , the china banking regulatory commission issued the " regulations on internet banking business " in june 2001 .
the banking regulatory commission spokesman said that with the development of the commercial banks ' electronic banking business , the provisional procedures cannot meet the needs of the risk supervision of electronic banks . the banking regulatory commission has formulated two new rules for this purpose .
according to the spokesman of the banking regulatory commission , the banking regulatory commission has made a decision on the quality of the safety assessment organization , which is different from the administrative licensing of the industry access or enterprise qualification , and is not the necessary condition for the assessment organizations to conduct the electronic banking safety assessment business . it is only a reference for the financial institutions to select and assess the institutions .
so long as the safety assessment agency meets the relevant requirements and requirements , even if the banking regulatory commission does not have the credentials , the financial institutions may also engage them to carry out the safety assessment of the banking industry , but they should manage the matter according to the relevant regulations .
the " electronic bank business management method " has a total of nine chapters and 99 articles , which are divided into four categories : the general office 's application for changing risk management data exchange and transfer management business , and the management of cross - border business activities , the management of the superordination of legal responsibility and supplementary articles , etc.
the " electronic bank safety assessment guidelines " contains five chapters and 57 articles , which are divided into four categories : the chief executive 's safety assessment agency 's safety assessment and the management and supplementary provision for the implementation of the safety assessment .
the book " selected works of mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , deng xiaoping , and deng xiaoping , " published
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 6 , the book " mao zedong , zhou enlai liu , zhu de , deng xiaoping , " edited by the cpc central literature research center , was recently published and distributed by the central literature publishing house .
we should conduct in - depth investigation and study , and persist in integrating theory with practice , and draw up and implement correct line , principles , and policies . this is the basic experience and basic work method of the cpc in leading revolution and reform .
comrade mao zedong thought zhou enlai was born in the hue of liu shaoqi , zhu ye , deng xiaoping , and other revolutionaries of the older generation . he made many important and penetrating expositions on the issue of investigation and study . they also went deep to the grass roots to personally conduct social surveys and wrote many reports on the study .
they are investigating and studying the practice and results of the study and are of great significance to guiding the cause of the party and the people to advance along the correct road .
the book " selected works of mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , deng xiaoping , and chen yun " is divided into three parts : the first part is the report on investigation and study by mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation , and the second part is the article by mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation on investigation and study , and the third part is the three - point investigation group of mao zedong in the 1960 s and the third group of
these surveys are mostly the first public report .
in addition , two pieces of paper on the " 50 s and 60 s " of the last century , which was also included .
russia reiterates adherence to the one - china policy
xinhua news agency , moscow , february 6 , russian deputy foreign minister alexeyev said in a meeting with chinese ambassador to russia liu guchang on the 6th that russia adheres to the one - china stand .
alexander said that the russian side has noticed that chen shui - bian has recently made remarks about taiwan independence .
the russian government has consistently adhered to the one - china principle and firmly supported china 's efforts to realize the great cause of national reunification .
last year , the chinese national people 's congress passed the " anti - secession law " and russia took the lead in openly supporting it .
alexander said that russia 's foreign ministry will issue a statement as soon as possible to reiterate the one - china stand and oppose taiwan independence .
chinese , russian presidents hold talks in beijing
xinhua news agency , johannesburg , february 6 ( reporter chen ming ) - the fuqing overseas chinese in china 's fujian province , lin yixing , was arrested in a bar that he operated in the early morning of 5 february local time by local militants . on the morning of 6 february , he died at the buruntan hospital of the south african judiciary .
according to the report by the general manager of the liberal provincial chinese federation , the incident occurred at the 100th - kilometer - long wellington city , northwest of burundan .
at that time , the owner of the shop , lin yixing , was picking up the goods inside the station and was preparing to end the business day .
at this time there were three customers in the shop , one of the customers pulled out of their pistol and ran into the platform to rob .
over the past 40 years , lin yixing and his gang fought against the criminal gangs . the gang fired at lin yixing , and fled afterwards .
after hearing the news , the local people turned lin yixing to the hospital for medical treatment . because of the whole body of lin yixing 's body , the blood - seepage disease of mao yixing 's blood pipe was not stopped , and died at around 3 : 30 a. m . on 6 february .
on 6 february , the chinese consulate general in washington , xu defu , consular affairs department and the chinese association of fujian , south africa , and lin changming , vice chairman of the association of fellow chinese fujian compatriots , rushed to burundian to help the family of the deceased to deal with the aftermath .
mr lam is the first chinese leader to be sentenced to death within 36 hours .
( newspaper extracts ) shanghai : part - time personnel and college graduates become the main force of an hour
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 7 , the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau issued the latest hour employment wage rate for the 2006 most new hour , and the number of jobs reached 120 , up 11 more than the previous one . the original job vacation rate was reduced and some were reduced .
according to the statistics released by the labor and social security bureau of shanghai municipality , the average wage of industrial workers in shanghai has exceeded 1 million .
according to a report by the china youth daily , the number of graduates and part - time workers in colleges and universities is the major component of the hours work force .
through the study of nearly 8,000 hours of work , the officers and men were both part - time workers , and the ratio was 51.1 percent .
the number of workers who are part - time workers is generally relatively high , mainly engaged in technical work , such as interpreter , part - time personnel , and the ratio of health workers to 61.6 percent .
the high income is the result of many people who have been engaged in hours of work and part - time jobs .
it is understood that the monthly income of individual posts can reach tens of thousands of yuan , and it will be difficult to ask for a report as if it is transmitted through the voice of the voice , and the monthly income of the working posts can reach more than 2,000 yuan , such as the joy of the financial pension and marital deals .
to meet the needs of individuals to expand their own knowledge and knowledge , they are also popular with the workers in both part - time jobs and hours .
for example , when a enterprise serves as a manager of the human resources department , he will have to spend several hours a week to handle the financial account of a foreign representative office .
mr. gu thinks that the most part - time benefits are to make his knowledge more updated and more competitive , and that he has the opportunity to touch on another field . of course , the income of 2000 yuan per month also has a certain degree of enticity .
as some hour workers are not up to the job requirements , the work pattern is flexible and free , and are gradually influenced by many graduates who are currently on the job , 14-4 percent of the work hours are graduates of tertiary institutions in nearly three years .
i 'm going to be a little more hours . however ,
the university graduate , huang , was a student , and he did not do enough to find a job . he was finally hanging in a guesthouse , and he was using a piano to play a background music .
hello , this is a very satisfactory job .
it is learned that the work of hours has become a major part of the work experience accumulated by some graduates who are currently seeking employment , and their skills and communication have enhanced their skills and knowledge , and they have enhanced their social records .
the graduates are working on an hour , mainly in the fields of knowledge and technology , and they are in the form of relatively strong interpreter - type jobs , with the strong sense of the times , and the proportion of the graduates in the performing arts and performing arts fields with a strong sense of professionalism .
the working hours are required to be less skilled , such as food promotion assistants and clerical clerical clerical staff , and the unemployed can be appointed through simple training .
the report showed that the average wage rate of the hours of work was 39-9 percent of the unemployed , among which the proportion of the unemployed in the retail sector was 68.4 percent , and the proportion of food and drink was 58.7 percent , and the hour - long work became an important channel for the unemployed to find jobs .
wu bangguo inspects anhui work
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 8 ( reporter zou shengwen ) - - - zhou limin , member of the cpc central committee political bureau standing committee and chairman of the national people 's congress standing committee , recently stressed during an inspection of anhui province that we should take the scientific development concept as the guide , adhere to the principle of taking the scientific development concept into overall charge of economic and social development , and conscientiously implement the central principles and policies in light of local realities , further emancipate our minds
on 6 and 8 february , wu bangguo inspected the maoxian wuxi lake wuhuo and huo , and went deep into enterprises ' hukou rural scientific research institutes and colleges ' study and the colleges and universities ' study .
wu bangguo pointed out : anhui has a special economic zone with its advantages of being a link between the east and the west and being the north . it is an important agricultural region in china with rich natural resources , relatively good industrial foundation , strong scientific and technological strength , and rich cultural and tourism resources .
anhui should firmly seize the opportunity of promoting the rise of central china , always adhere to the central task of economic construction , and conscientiously implement the central guidelines and policies in light of anhui 's actual conditions , and creatively carry out work , and implement the scientific development concept in concrete measures and in actual work .
we should sum up practical experience in a timely manner , fully rely on the masses of the people , vigorously support reform and innovation , and continuously create a new situation in anhui 's work .
we should actively promote the building of a harmonious society , persistently regard the realization of good and good protecting and developing the fundamental interests of the overwhelming majority of the people as the starting point and the end - result of all our work , actively create conditions , gradually solve practical problems faced by the masses , gradually readjust the distribution relations , gradually reduce the gap between urban and rural areas , safeguard social fairness and realize social justice , and enable all the people to share the fruits of reform and development .
wu bangguo stressed : china has reached the stage of having more independent innovation capability and improving the quality of workers to promote economic and social development . only by vigorously promoting scientific and technological progress and innovation can we achieve a leap in the quality of productive forces , and promote economic and social development to the track of scientific development .
we should establish and perfect as soon as possible a system and mechanism that is conducive to innovation , increase scientific and technological input , encourage patent invention and development of famous brands , quicken the pace of turning scientific and technological achievements into actual productive forces , strengthen the enterprises ' status as the mainstay in independent innovation , and constantly raise the contribution rate of scientific and technological progress to economic growth .
we should support and encourage the participation of technological elements in the distribution of income , and establish and perfect a statistical index system that reflects our ability to independently innovate , and study and formulate policies to support independent innovation in fiscal , taxation , and government procurement , and so on , and form a policy system to encourage independent innovation .
we should , in the entire society , cultivate a sense of innovation , and vigorously advocate the spirit of daring to innovate and compete , and strive to create a good atmosphere for the emergence of talent in large numbers .
wu bangguo pointed out : the people 's congress has played an important role in the process of building a socialist country ruled by law .
to do a good job in the work of the people 's congress under the new situation , first , we should adhere to the correct political direction , unswervingly follow the path of socialist political development with chinese characteristics , and organically integrate upholding the party 's leadership with the people 's being the masters of the country and administering the country according to law .
second , we should closely center our work around the overall situation of the party and the state , closely center our work around major issues in reform , development , and stability , and carry out our work in light of hot and difficult issues that the masses are generally concerned about , and constantly enhance the practical results of the npc work .
third , we should give play to the characteristics and advantages of the npc work , adhere to democratic centralism , act according to the procedures , and collectively decide the problems .
we should persistently follow the mass line , take people - centered principle , and use power for the people , be concerned about the people , and work for the people .
china 's proposal on arms sales to taiwan in the next 15 years
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 9 th , by reporter xingxing li , china 's international competitiveness , and its efforts to promote sustainable development , to achieve a major leap forward , the " outline of the state 's long - term and long - term scientific and technological development ( 2006 - 2020 ) " promulgated by the state council on 9 february made four major scientific research plans .
the four major scientific plans are the corn project .
the outline points out that the protein science is the most important life science for the advanced countries to fight for .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on the transformation of important biotechnology teams , the study of the column , the photo - taking group , the classical and the shaping structure , the white - colored bio - biology and the biomedical biology , and the protein study and related application of the system .
the outline also holds that the quantum regulation and control research is of great foresight and may be completed in 20-30 years .
china will focus on the study of the carrier and regulatory principles of quantum communications , calculate the quantitative , and be limited to the new quantitative effect of the small quantitative system , and the new principles and new technological foundation for quantitative control and measurement .
in addition , the outline points out that nanotechnology has become the core of the international market for many countries to enhance their core competitiveness and is also one of the areas that china is expected to achieve leapfrog development .
in the next 15 years , china will have to focus on research in this area , including the control of nanoexport materials , and the establishment and function of the system , the development of the nanometer biology and nanometer medicine , and the parameter and the consumption of nanogram materials and nanometer technology in the field of energy environment and medicine .
china 's population growth is large , and there are many flaws in birth , serious shortage of transplanting organs , and the peak of aging is about to come . therefore , it is urgently necessary to make breakthroughs in the theory of reproductive and breeding science and to make technological innovations .
in accordance with the outline , the 2006 - 2020 china will focus on the research of the interactive division and regulation and control , the maturity and suitability of the married cells and the degradation of the human body 's physiological function , the security and ethics of the auxiliary and stem cells .
shanghai 's real estate prices have dropped by nearly 7 percentage points last year .
xinhua news agency , shanghai , february 9 th , by reporter dingjun huang
according to the latest figures , the shanghai housing estate industry 's various indicators were quite obvious in 2000 , and the growth rate was slowing down .
among them , the prices of residential properties dropped 6.6 percent from the previous year , while the added value of the real estate industry dropped 4.1 percent from the previous year .
the shanghai municipal bureau of statistics recently released a report on the situation of the shanghai municipality 's average sales of commodities on average in 2005 , at 698 yuan / square meters , up 313 yuan over 2004 .
the total sales of residential units grew by 9.2 percent over the previous year , with the growth rate dropping 6.6 percentage points from the same period last year .
the annual real estate sector added value of 670.23 billion yuan , down 41-1 percent from the previous year .
in the course of financial institutions ' loans , the outstanding amount of personal mortgage loans was 264.494 - billion yuan , up by only 9.84 - billion yuan in the same year , while the newly added loans in 2004 reached 72.09 - billion yuan .
pan jianxin said : judging from the actual situation in shanghai 's real estate market throughout the year , the sales price of commercial housing is stable .
the communique also showed that according to the latest data , the number of real estate prices in shanghai dropped to a certain extent in 2005 , with the average sales price of residential properties being 6698 yuan per square meter rising 313 yuan over 2004 .
in 2005 , the housing price level was higher than that of the previous year , with the rate of increase dropping 6.2 percentage points from the previous year .
according to him , last year , shanghai municipality completed the construction of 1,268 million yuan of real estate development , up 6.1 percent from the previous year .
the sales area was 3158.87 million square meters , down 9.5 percent .
the annual sales of commercial housing increased by 21.163 billion yuan , down 4.5 percent from the previous year .
two light aircraft were flying in new zealand
xinhua news agency , wellington , february 9 , two new zealand light aircraft crashed in the north of the capital wellington on the 9th in the sky about 100 kilometers north of the capital wellington , killing two students at the flight academy .
according to local civil aviation authorities ,
at the time of the incident , the two planes were in the non - air control zone . according to regulations , the pilots should be able to cope with the navigation and security of the aircraft during flight in such a zone .
a man who was on the scene of the incident told the new zealand media that he had heard about the huge explosion when the plane collided and saw the plane crashed into the ground at a speed .
another eyewitness also confirmed that the us plane was carrying out a large - scale blast before the plane crashed and saw a plane 's wreckage falling .
the cause of the collision is still not clear . the local civil aviation department will conduct an investigation into this .
chinese , russian presidents hold talks in beijing
xinhua news agency , buenos aires , february 8 ( reporter cao yu ) - a delegation of overseas chinese and chinese residing in argentina attended the reception .
the statement said : chen shui - bian made the above remarks in his speech on 29 january , saying he wanted to abolish the national unification council and the national unification program and take another step toward taiwan independence .
the compatriots on both sides of the strait have a long - cherished wish for peace and stability and development for the taiwan compatriots ' good wishes for development .
the statement pointed out that resolutely opposing and curbing the splittist activities of taiwan independence and safeguarding peace and stability in the taiwan strait remains the common wish of the compatriots on both sides of the strait and the chinese community in the world .
the statement stressed that argentina 's china council for promoting peaceful reunification is willing to work with all the parties of the albanian people who uphold the one - china principle in unity , and resolutely oppose any form of taiwan independence and actively promote china 's peaceful reunification .
chinese expert : us tries to interfere in china 's military threat unreasonable accusations
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 9 th , by reporter xuanliang li and liang linli linping : the pentagon recently formally submitted the " report on defense assessment for four years " to congress , the united states for the first time , saying that china is most likely to pose a military challenge to the united states .
experts believe that this is a serious challenge to china 's normal national defense construction , and it is a distortion of china 's military threat theory and an interference in china 's internal affairs .
the " four - year defense assessment report " is the new guiding document for national defense of the pentagon .
the long - term ' 92 - page report ' describes the military strength of china and the countermeasures that the united states should adopt .
the chinese academy of military science 's institute of world military studies yao yunzhu said : although senior us officials have expressed similar views many times before , this is the first time that the united states has proposed in its strategic report on national defense strategy that china is most likely to pose a military challenge to the united states .
i think the report clearly states that russia is the most powerful country in the new strategic opponent , especially the so - called china military threat theory .
the chinese academy of military sciences researcher peng guangqian said :
what merits attention is that in the " four - year defense assessment report , " the " report on defense review " was formally submitted , us president bush also submitted the government budget for fiscal 2007 , with the defense budget amounting to $ 439.3 - billion .
if you add to the fact that the united states is engaged in military operations in iraq and afghanistan , the us national defense budget for fiscal 2007 will exceed $ 500 billion , creating a new record , and the budget will be raised by peng guangqian , who is almost equal to the total and spending of other countries in the world on military spending .
peng guangqian said : the united states has made the guy of the threat of other countries a reflection of the consistent style of the pentagon 's " making an enemy 's mouth . " its real purpose is to win more national defense funds and fish more profits for the huge us arms industry .
experts said that compared with the huge military spending of the united states , china 's national defense expenditures are quite limited .
he has participated in the drafting of china 's national defense white paper many times , deng hongzhou said : since the 1990 's , with economic development , china 's national defense spending has increased , but the proportion of the state 's financial expenditure for the same period has been on the decline .
official statistics show that the volume of trade between china and the united states in 2004 and 1979 accounted for a drop of nearly 10 percentage points in the total national defense expenditure for the same period .
in 2005 , china 's defense spending was $ 244.656 billion , only about $ 2.1 - billion for the united states , and its per - capita military spending was only about 1 / 60 of the united states , and the military spending was approximately one - third of the us military 's .
hello , the us territory and china 's territory are roughly equal , and the difference in military spending is so huge , and is it more important to see who 's military strength exceeds the proper defense needs .
peng guangqian said :
the china arms control and disarmament association research department director teng jianqun said that the united states should objectively assess china 's military construction and that china 's peaceful development does not mean that china and the united states will become rivals militarily .
the " china 's national defense white paper for 2004 " says : china firmly follows the road of peaceful development and practices a defensive national defense policy .
china has been unable to play a game of words and will not pose a threat to any country in the past and at present .
so far , china has not made any other country establish military bases , nor has it sent military bases to other countries .
professor li wenzhong of the school of international relations of beijing university said : china and the united states should increase communication and exchanges through the established channels , enhance understanding and trust , and comprehensively advance the sino - us constructive and cooperative relations in the new century and jointly promote world peace and development .
( winter olympic games ) duan dongdu
xinhua news agency , duan , february 9th , by reporter yantao ding
on 9 september , the winter olympic games organizing committee submitted a report to reporters on its brilliant arrangements for the opening ceremony .
as for the opening ceremony , castro , chairman of the organizing committee , was full of confidence . at the news conference , he said that the opening ceremony was costly with a total of 10 million euros , which pooled together top italian personnel in various fields .
he said : the night of the 10th will be very memorable . the meeting will be held at the venue of the conference and about 2 billion television audience worldwide will see the spectacular opening ceremony of the opening ceremony full of excitement .
the emotion flames were heated with a brilliant heart .
the famous italian designer , amari , specially designed the clothes for the opening ceremony , the famous italian fashion brand , moroskitino will provide a courteous service to the entertainers .
however , the famous italian man louis paraaro will be present at the opening ceremony .
eight of the eight people who were able to spray their flames will be released by the spark with three meters long .
the official of the organizing committee said that this was the most gratifying creation of the performance of the opening ceremony .
as for how to ignite the main torch , the organizing committee did not reveal in advance , but the main torch platform of 57 meters will be lighted and the alps on the alps mountain near alps .
us rates on 30 - year mortgages in march
xinhua news agency , washington , february 9 ( reporter zhao yi and li xuejun ) - us white house spokesman mcclellan said at a press conference on the 9th that although the cartoons that blaspheme islamic pioneer mohammed have triggered strong protest in the islamic world , president bush will still visit pakistan and india in march according to the plan .
mcclellan said that bush is looking forward to visiting pakistan and india .
he also said that the current efforts are being made to make this visit .
mcclellan made the above remarks at a demonstration in some areas of pakistan to protest against the terrorist act of blasphemy of islamic predecessors mohammed .
on 1 january this year , bush met with pakistani prime minister aziz at the white house . both sides indicated that they would strengthen friendly cooperation to jointly crack down on terrorism that endangers the security of the two countries .
bush also said that he is paying a state visit to pakistan and india on march 28 at the invitation of the pakistani and indian governments .
us , china to hold new cabinet meeting
xinhua news agency , ramallah , february 9 ( international observation ) hamas 's cabinet seeks breakthrough
xinhua news agency report by reporter hao huang min
the palestinian islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) obtained the victory in the legislative election of the legislative council , and how to draw up the blueprint of the new government has become the focus of international attention .
hamas to implement what kind of new policy will directly affect the interests of the parties concerned in the peace process .
at the same time , the boycott attitude of the united states and israel has added variables to the prospects of the hamas government .
at present , the palestinian parties are stepping up consultations to reach a consensus on forming a cabinet that involves future development difficulties and sensitive points .
the chinese government has always attached great importance to the issue of the post of prime minister .
hamas won the right to form a cabinet , and some people in the outside are worried that hamas 's prime minister may have differences with the incumbent supreme leader abbas .
moreover , the us delegation , which is currently visiting egypt , has stressed that the hamas - led palestinian government will not recognize israel , and this tough signal has also aggravated the international concern .
the united states and israel have explicitly indicated that they will not accept a hamas government that holds the real power and use this to threaten to discontinue its economic aid to palestine and to hand over the taxes to palestine .
however , this does not prevent hamas from making flexible tactics .
it is reported that in order to obtain the international recognition to the greatest extent , the hamas and chinese leaders who gathered in egypt recently decided to elect an independent person jalal jahar , chairman of the board of directors of the islamic university , to serve as the new prime minister .
this move has not been accepted by the relevant parties .
palestinian analysts , hassan , said that no matter how much the prime minister 's post will fall , the most crucial thing is that the prime minister should try his best to weaken hamas 's most tough color and ensure the success of the formation of the cabinet .
the chinese government has always attached great importance to the issue of how to distribute power .
from an internal perspective , hamas 's task of forming a cabinet is to lack sufficient ruling experience .
the palestinian newspaper " jingji bao " analytically said that hamas has gathered in the people 's minds through social welfare projects , but in the aspect of power there is no experience , and it is in the same way as the palestinian national liberation movement ( fatah ) , which has gained experience in power .
hamas has been putting forward a proposal to establish a political partnership with fatah after the election to jointly establish a national coalition government . however , fatah has not given a positive response to this day .
the fatah is now making a decision on whether to join the cabinet . the one faction advocates participation in the new government , which will be able to do something . the other faction refuses hamas 's invitation . it is willing to make an active opposition in the legislature .
the source said that the chinese government has been trying to persuade the palestinian people to join the new government .
even though this is the case , hamas and fatah will also hold talks on the distribution of the cabinet positions .
in addition , another way is to establish a legislative committee framework beyond the party 's affiliated cabinet .
it is reported that hamas has also designed a clean expert model government . however , the specific list is unknown .
in view of the fact that the us and israel have different attitudes , the technology expert government is also not at all a form of cabinet organization to reduce external pressure .
according to the palestinian " basic law , " the new palestinian legislative council will be elected on 16 june after its inauguration .
the chinese government has always attached great importance to the question of where to follow the armed forces .
hamas 's weapons are the most powerful weapon to form a new government .
the united states and israel have adopted a very tough attitude and resolutely demanded hamas to abandon violence and reject the participation of the armed forces in politics .
hamas leader mahar al-assad emphasized on 9 april that armed resistance was a strategic choice made by this organization .
the armed issue actually includes the legality of weapons and the two sides of the ownership of the armed forces .
hamas 's political system of democracy and freedom was elected the first major party of the legislative council through the form of democracy and freedom , and the armed factions of its subordinate factions were similarly legalized , and the way to unify them into the government 's security organs .
hamas once proposed to extend the armed forces of various factions to the palestinian national authority , but it did not receive a wide response , and was also strongly opposed by the islamic jihad ( jawad ) of palestine .
the palestinian government has over 60,000 security personnel , and most of them are from the fatah camp .
moreover , the fatah also has some organization relations that are loose .
the new government , which is responsible for the formation of the cabinet , must have a consensus with abbas on how to manage these armed forces that each has its own government and rationally distribute security management authority .
according to local media , abbas intends to take charge of security and intelligence units , police , civil air defense , and other organizations , and the new government 's interior ministry is to be returned to the administration .
however , all parties are still holding consultations on this sensitive issue , and so far no further document has been signed .
china 's first announcement of polar observation
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 10 , by wire ( reporter jianmin li ) - china 's state oceanic administration recently issued the " report on china 's polar earth observation in 2005 , " which was the first time china has issued such a report since it launched its polar scientific exploration activities over the past 20 years .
the " report " fully reflects the country 's polar science and science exploration activities in 2005 .
according to the " report , " the " report " will be published at 2:15 on 9 january 2005 ( beijing time ) . the chinese antarctic will inspect the mainland 's iceberg and visit the icy - huo region , which is the highest icy - covered in the antarctic . it will also be held at 315 hours on 18 january ( beijing time ) , the highest altitude of the ice - rated chault reached 4093 meters
the competition is becoming increasingly fierce in the international polar observation stage . the chinese people are strongly dependent on their strong will and dauntlessness , have the courage to break new ground , and first have conducted the most striking and most powerful ideological offensive against the extremely wide ice - covered ice hits and achieved one success after another , thus attaining another dream of mankind in the antarctic pole .
the state oceanic administration ( soa ) will continue to strengthen its marine management .
the " report " shows that the " report " of the 21st south pole expedition team of china on 24 march 2005 returned to shanghai with a complete success . the inspection lasted for 151 days and the distance was 26,500 nautical miles .
in november of the same year , china 's 22 nd antarctic expedition team left shanghai to visit the antarctic central mountain station to carry out the science examinations . it will leave the central mountain station before the end of february 2006 to return to shanghai via australia .
because china 's first announcement on the polar observation was made , the " 2005 china polar observation report " also made a comprehensive analysis of the " three major achievements " in china 's polar exploration undertaking which started in the early 1980 s .
according to the " report , " in 1983 , china formally joined the " antarctic treaty " and became a member of the antarctic treaty and successively became a member of the antarctic treaty 's ( antarctic treaty ) and the most influential international organization for international affairs , such as the council of directors of the antarctic science research commission .
in 1997 , china became the first member of the arctic science committee to win the international polar affairs and decision - making right .
the " report " points out : over the past 20 years , china 's polar exploration has never appeared and has been constantly developed . the initial stage of the " three big mountains " has already formed a " pole - pole scientific investigation system " , that is , the " south pole station " established in february 1985 , the " antarctic central mountain station " established in february 1989 , and the " northern station " established in july 2004 , which has been charged with the task of
the " report " says : by the end of 2005 , china had organized 22 antarctic science tests , two of which were xiulian and xiulian , and the beipole scientific observation group , which was the platform - based platform of snowy dragon , and has so far more than 3,000 people in the country have been examined in the huanqiao pole of the yellow river in person .
at present , we are building a third antarctic observation station , and also china 's first antarctic inland observation station .
sun zhihui said :
after 20 years of study , the chinese national polar world has developed rapidly in the world .
he said .
sun zhihui revealed that china will continue to publish the latest issue of an ultra - high - tech inspection report every year .
chinese , russian presidents hold talks in beijing
xinhua news agency , havana , february 10 ( reporter zhou jianjing ) - cuban state council president castro met on the 10th with chinese state councilor chen zhili , who is on a visit to cuba . both sides expressed their willingness to constantly strengthen mutually beneficial cooperation in education , science , and technology .
president castro warmly welcomed chen zhili to visit cuba .
he said that cuba - china relations are very friendly , and high - level visits have been frequent , which has effectively promoted and strengthened the friendship and mutual understanding between the two countries , and he hoped that the two countries will continuously deepen mutually beneficial cooperation in various fields , including education and science and technology .
chen zhili said : cuba is a big country in latin america and the caribbean region .
the two countries have maintained good cooperation in the fields of economy , trade , science , technology , and culture .
cuba is the first country to establish diplomatic relations with new china .
in the new century , the two countries have constantly strengthened their friendly relations and cooperation with each other in the fields of cooperation , and have maintained close cooperation in international affairs under the care and promotion of leaders of the two countries .
she believed that with the joint efforts of both sides , the friendly cooperation between china and cuba will surely produce even greater results .
chen zhili also pointed out : the chinese government has always attached importance to the exchange and cooperation with cuba in the educational field .
in recent years , the two countries have maintained close exchanges in education and frequent personnel contacts .
china has actively supported the cuban side 's holding of the international conference and sent a delegation to attend the world conference on higher education and the 2005 elimination of illiteracy .
the basic education level of cuba is very high , and it is hoped that the relevant experience exchange will be further strengthened in the future .
chen zhili said : the sino - cuban cooperation in the fields of science and technology research and development can be promoted through cooperation in various fields .
the chinese side has helped some cuban scientific research equipment in the hope of providing aid to cuba in its scientific research and production .
she also briefed castro on china 's strategy of developing the country through science and education and the national science and technology congress .
chen zhili is visiting china at the invitation of the cuban government .
on the other hand , chen zhili met with the cuban minister of higher education vienna , and inspected havana university 's xuanzhi university , which is a science university , and saint mara maria primary school .
the beijing - kazakhstan highway accident is caused by the leakage of some oil leakage sections
xinhua news agency , harbin , february 11 th , by reporter shubin liang shubin liang , the 58 - kilometer - kilometer - long highway in beijing occurred at 23:00 on february 10 , causing some sections to be closed .
according to the public security traffic police unit of the shuangcheng city public security bureau , at about 23:00 on 10 april , three cars collided in the 58 km section of the beijing - kazakhstan highway , and a bus of an oil tank collided with one another . the oil tank body was sealed and the waste oil loaded inside was flowing into the road .
it is learned that the oil tank vehicle is equipped with coke - producing oil .
the waste oil and dirty self - adhesive tape is very high , and at the same time , the departments concerned have closed the roads at the scene .
harbin to move toward the two cities , a number of vehicles were closed .
at present , relevant departments are cleaning up the scene , and the cause of the accident is under investigation .
hk 's industrial production up to 10 percent in first quarter of 2001
xinhua news agency , hong kong , february 11 , hutchison whampoa company limited announced on the 11th that it was delayed to implement its 3rd mobile business company 's plan to list itself on the market .
and huang group general manager huanning said that although the third incident of italian encroachment has been approved by all the relevant regulatory bodies on the market , the stock - holding process must be completed within the next few weeks .
at the same time , the european telecommunications market is now weak , and the market may not necessarily give the three italian supermarkets a suitable listing valuation at this moment .
in view of the fact that the most important interests of stockholders are considered , the decision to postpone the listing of the stock market .
as for when the company will be listed on the stock market , mr fok said that the company would be required to take into account the future trends of the european telecommunications market .
he said : judging from the present to the other day , i think i need to engage in extensive investor education activities so as to facilitate the global telecommunications investment market to understand more clearly the strong performance and favorable prospects of the current 3 g italian stock market .
according to the media , three italian girls have been released to the world 's top - notch investment bank , which has been one of the world 's coordinators . they agreed to purchase 1,03 italian stock in the form of private distribution , and the transaction is expected to be completed by the end of march this year .
chinese , russian presidents hold talks in beijing
xinhua news agency , yangon , february 12 th , by reporter yunfei zhang , chinese ambassador to myanmar , and economic and commercial counselor tang haihai , interviewed by xinhua on the eve of myanmar prime minister soe win 's visit to china on the eve of his visit , during which he said that sino - burmese economic and trade relations are now showing a good situation of developing mutually beneficial and mutually beneficial relations .
the director said that in recent years , the friendly relations between the two countries , which have been established on the basis of the five principles of peaceful coexistence , have been consolidated and developed , and exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been expanded and deepened day by day , and bilateral economic and trade relations have been constantly expanded and strengthened .
tang haiti said that the two countries ' high - level visits have effectively promoted the development of bilateral economic and trade cooperation .
in 2004 , the two countries exchanged high - level visits , and the two sides signed 33 documents on economic and trade cooperation , most of which were being implemented and implemented .
he said : the year 2004 was 11.44 billion us dollars , and the figure for 2005 reached 1.09 billion us dollars , of which china 's exports were 935 - billion us dollars and imports were $ 274 - billion .
in the course of bilateral trade , china 's yunnan and myanmar trade ( including border trade ) amounted to 630 million us dollars , up 14.6 percent from the previous year .
tang haihai said that myanmar has become an important force for chinese enterprises to carry out contracting projects , and china 's main projects , including power station bridge bridge , bridge , and factories ( such as sugar factory , e.g. cement factory , cement factory , etc. )
chinese enterprises have launched projects in myanmar , which has brought about a great increase in the export of various kinds of complete sets of machinery and electronic products . myanmar has become one of the important markets for china 's complete sets of equipment and export of mechanical and electrical products .
according to chinese customs statistics , in the past five to six years , the export of mechanical and electrical products has accounted for about 45.5 percent of china 's total exports to myanmar .
tang spoke highly of the positive role played by the chinese government in the fight against the oil crisis in myanmar , saying that the chinese companies have started investing in the development of the country 's oil and gas nickel mining and other resources .
he expressed the hope that chinese enterprises will have a long - term view , learn to avoid risks , and make prudent decisions , and establish a good image of the enterprises , so that they will ensure that the project is completed on schedule and win glory for the country .
the director of the management and management ambassador and the counselor of tang haiti said : during his upcoming official visit to china , premier soe win is a major event in bilateral relations this year , and is of great significance to enhancing political mutual trust , promoting bilateral cooperation , and further developing the good - neighborly and friendly relations between china and burma .
the delegation is expected to sign several agreements on economic and trade cooperation during the visit .
world bank to reduce poverty rate in developing countries
xinhua news agency , moscow , february 11 , world bank president wolfowitz said in moscow on the 11th that the world bank would completely exempt the debts of the poorest countries by the middle of this year .
wolfowitz held talks with russian foreign minister igor ivanov in moscow on the same day .
he said in his statement issued after the meeting that the world bank will submit a debt reduction and exemption plan before 1 july this year , and that the world bank is now finalizing all technical tasks .
last year , the world bank 's donor countries completely exempted 28 countries from debts and said they would provide the trustee with the funds .
the imf said the international monetary fund 's creditor 's rights were relatively small , and the imf began to reduce its debts by the end of 2005 .
in addition , wolfowitz 's decision to exempt 16 african countries from debts was welcomed .
gao qing , a senior official of the us , has gradually become the mainstream in the united states .
xinhua news agency , new york , february 12 th , by reporter xiaolin fan
the first film that the united states has been making a big hue and rugby match has become a major attraction for the american broadcasting industry to welcome the high age of television .
according to the financial times , the us congress recently adopted a " bill " which stipulates that the american broadcasting industry must submit a bill on 17 february 2009 to comprehensively stop broadcasting the existing simulated television signals , and only broadcast a digital signal .
this means that the us television program 's full digitization has already had a clear timetable .
the high resolution rate , the popularity of digital television , on the one hand , depends on consumers to purchase television sets , and on the other hand , it depends on the production agencies to provide high - resolution digital programs .
digital television is a major channel for the public to understand the importance of digital television .
this issue was raised this year .
according to the report by the american consumer electronics association , the digital television network will sell its first ever more than traditional tvs in the united states this year , while the number of its digital television sets will exceed 850 percent .
the japanese researcher has developed a new type of highly efficient human - building kidney
xinhua news agency , tokyo , february 13 th , by reporter shuai qian ) - a research fellow of the japanese east china university has developed a biological human kidney . it not only has the same functions as human kidney , but also has the function of preserving the substances of substances , and is small and easy to transplant . with the in - depth study , it is expected to bring a message to the patient .
according to a report by the nihon keizai shimbun , the newly developed biological man 's kidney was mainly composed of two parts , and some were transported from blood to transfilter the filter and the water dioxin . in addition , the kidney was made from the original part of the former lieutenant general and other used components to re - enter the blood of the blood .
hello , huo .
this kind of skin cells can cause blood to be tested on many occasions .
in the past , the manual was built by the infiltration and pressure of the infiltration , and it could not be completely removed , nor could it have the capability to return the acid and other components into blood .
researchers use mountain goats to carry out biomedical transplanting experiments , artificial kidney neutral silk walls using pigs in the middle - altitude silk line .
two weeks later , researchers confirmed that the human kidney was able to function .
they are now developing and using human kidney cells .
china 's power production safety is still facing severe challenges
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 13th , by reporter an an , a person in charge of the state power supervision and management commission said on the 13th that although the overall situation of the production safety of electric power remains stable in 2005 , the production safety of electric power is still facing severe challenges .
the state administration of radio , film and television ( sdrc ) , the state administration of radio , film and television , said at the fifth ( enlarged ) meeting of the national committee for the production safety of electric power here today that china 's overall electric power production safety was stable and the task was fulfilled successfully , and that china had achieved a safe supply of electricity , actively dealt with the attack of the power system , basically ensured the safe and stable operation of the power production safety equipment , and
however , he pointed out that as the situation of supply and demand in the power sector and the large number of newly built and newly built generating units successively put into operation , the production safety of electric power will face new challenges .
these challenges include regional arms race , spamming , spamming , and some areas of electricity supply and demand remain on the sidelines , and the lack of a benign power supply and coal supply remains a major problem because the good power supply mechanism has not been formed .
shi yubo said : with the reform of the power system , many deep - seated contradictions will continue to be exposed , and how to maintain the stability of the workers ' ranks and ensure normal production order will become new problems facing us .
in view of the situation in which the power industry is safe in 2006 , shi yubo said : we should further lay a solid foundation for the work of production safety in the electricity sector , quicken the establishment and improvement of the emergency management mechanism for power safety , enhance the ability to deal with contingencies , strengthen coordination and cooperation with the power plant network , and continue to do a good job in the work of supervising and managing the safety of the dam and in building information - based facilities , and strengthen
it is learned that in connection with the new situation of power safety management , the commission will conduct a comprehensive survey of the " provisional regulations on the investigation of electric power production accidents " which have been promulgated this year . at the same time , relevant documents concerning the safety of the dam and the safety of the second system of the power station will be issued to the public in succession this year .
in 2005 , the total electricity consumption of the entire society of china reached 246.89 - billion kilowatts , up 13.45 percent over the same period of last year .
in the face of the situation of power supply and demand , the contradiction of coal , electricity , oil , and transportation is still serious , and all power enterprises have taken effective measures to strengthen equipment management . last year , there was no major accident in the power production throughout the country .
the power grid accident has been 74 times lower than the corresponding period of last year , and the accident involving 427 equipment has been reduced by 132 times .
the south african ambassador to china said south africa will not have a problem of being organized and organized in view of the criminal behavior of chinese citizens .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 13 th , by reporter jiangang wang and hao yilin hao , charge d'affaires of the south african embassy in china , granted a special interview to xinhua reporters on the 13th , saying that south africa does not have any organized and organized crimes against chinese citizens .
he also said that the south african government will do all it can to crack down on all forms of criminal activities .
mr cohen said that the south african government hopes to reduce the rate of crime to zero , and hopes that every person working in south africa will have a better life and property .
since the beginning of 2006 , four patients have been arrested in south africa one after another , and the chinese world has expressed widespread concern .
chinese foreign ministry has already made a representations to south africa on this issue and reminded chinese citizens in southern africa to further enhance their awareness of security and precautions , and overseas chinese to strengthen unity and friendship and cooperate with the police to jointly crack down on criminal activities .
let 's give us a feeling to the victims ' families .
mr cohen said : " we are very sorry about this and ask the chinese people to believe that the south african government is seriously investigating every case involving china .
according to chinese embassy in south africa , the south african police have successfully cracked the case of the chinese fujian woman chen jianqing on 5 february in south africa , and a suspect has been arrested .
at present , the police are hunting another suspect .
according to a report by the south african embassy in china , the chinese people have been arrested by south africa 's police in january this year for suspected shooting hong kong businessmen . the properties of the victims have been recovered .
speaking of the chinese citizens ' death , li peng said : " the chinese people are very concerned about these incidents .
according to the tourism commissioner of the south african embassy , the embassy only received a total of 1,200 visitors from over 2,000 chinese people in the first 15 days of this year .
according to chinese official statistics , the south african country will continue to maintain its status as the largest trade partner of africa in 2005 .
the bilateral trade volume reached $ 727 billion , up by 23.1 percent over the same period of last year .
however , the travel industry believes that the number of travelers who have been killed in the continuous incidents of chinese citizens in 2004 has a significant impact on the number of chinese tourists to south africa .
according to a report by the south african tourism bureau , the number of chinese tourists to south africa in the first half of 2005 was 20,331 , a decrease of 14.99 percent over the same period last year .
the current population living in south africa has 200,000 people . it is about 200,000 people in the countryside of south africa .
analysts here believe that the gap between the rich and the poor in south africa , the high unemployment rate , and the rampant spread of guns have not been threatened by the death penalty , and the crime rate is unusually high .
because many chinese do not understand english , they have a cash , and they can become the tools for the criminal to attack .
hk 's industrial production up to 3 - year low
xinhua news agency , hong kong , february 13 , a professional english campaign initiated by the hong kong special administrative region government was launched on the 13th to enable more serving people to enhance their english proficiency .
this is a very good english language , a great life , and a long history .
so far , the scheme has already provided funds for nearly 25,000 people to complete the workplace english training course so that they can reach the benchmark of the relevant workplace category .
hong kong 's english campaign is a special administrative region government 's initiative in 2000 .
the number of english language proficiency programmes is an important component of the workplace english training scheme .
the scheme aims to help the public to use english in their work and to provide a safe and efficient workplace for their employees through participating in the training and taking part in the designated international business english examinations .
the number of hiv / aids patients in hebei province is free to be classified
xinhua news agency , shijiazhuang , february 14 th , by reporter zhiyong dong
the " plan " explicitly defines the province 's work of voluntary consultation and testing on aids : the aids antibody testing and consultation system is free , and the aids antibody testing and consultation voluntary and the insider agreement ; the aids antibody testing and consulting secrets are not evaluated by the advisory committee , and the protection of the legitimate rights and interests of aids patients and aids patients is provided with relevant follow - up services .
the " plan " requires that the aids consultation and testing center should be located at the convenient locations of consulting personnel , and that the aids advisory center should have its own room to conduct one - on - one consultation in order to protect the privacy of the consulting personnel .
the advisers ' choice should be taken into full consideration in the personal quality of their own , knowledge , and ability to exchange .
to protect consulting personnel 's privacy , the inspection and testing leaflets can be used as codes or numbers .
the " plan " also requires that the health administration departments at or above the county level should make public the information on the local major media that the medical and health institutions that undertake aids free and free testing services should be list and consult the masses to help them understand the relevant information .
the ministry of public security has not yet made any decision on extorting confessions by torture to inspectors .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 14 th , by reporter mengna , zheng baigang , deputy director of the police inspector general bureau , answered a foreign reporter 's question at a press conference held by the ministry of public security at a news conference on the 14th , saying that the so - called " unsuitable " criminal suspects were absolutely not allowed in china .
the inspector 's work focus is also to prevent the occurrence of these problems .
he also pointed out that some international organizations are not satisfied with the law enforcement situation of the chinese police .
the ministry of public security issued the latest information on 14 june , which shows that the ministry of public security issued the " circular on the record of public security organs ' implementation of measures for keeping the record " in 2004 , " and " the regulations on applying continuing interrogations by public security organs " in order to better guarantee that grass - roots public security organs may apply the measures for interrogation in accordance with the law .
since 1997 , the government has made great efforts to further promote the three kinds of management ( i.e. , to control prisoners of torture , to tackle cases of abusing guns and to harshly deal with coercive measures ) . the police inspectors of the national public security organs have persisted in going deep into the police force of the police superintendent , the police force , the mobile police force , and other grass - roots units of the public security police station to enforce law at the
to prevent the recurrence of law enforcement problems , the police inspector departments further extended the scales of law enforcement inspectors , and stepped up the inquires about the screening of cases involving violations of law and order by issuing enquires about 110 cases of illegal entry into law - enforcement departments , including cases of illegal or theft of mobile phone robot information .
hk 's industrial production up to three years in taipei
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 15 - - according to reports from taipei , sun yunhsuan , who was once honorary chairman of the taiwan strait exchange foundation , was also suffering from an acute heart failure and a bloody shock due to his acute muscle .
sun yun - hsuan was born on 11 november 1913 . he was a native of mianyang , shandong , and graduated from the electrical machinery department of harbin university of industry .
it was the 10th - 13 th central committee member of the kmt and the 11th central standing committee member of the 12th central standing committee , and the presidium of the 14 th central advisory committee of the central advisory committee of the communist party of china and the 15 th central committee of the communist party of china .
he was a " sawling " of the communications department of taiwan authorities and was a " father of the times . "
heilongjiang has promoted the construction of the ecological environment of songhua river water pollution
xinhua news agency , harbin , february 16th , by reporter tao tao tao
this reporter learned from the heilongjiang provincial environmental protection bureau that the state environmental protection administration has led the songhua river to organize a large - scale ecological environmental impact assessment and countermeasures .
at present , there are 10 scientific research institutes in heilongjiang province , with a total of over 60 people undertaking 14 technical research tasks .
according to presentations , the environmental protection department and relevant scientific research institutes will conduct research on five special topics , namely , an emergency environmental assessment and countermeasures research , in an effort to solve environmental problems which the masses are most concerned about first .
among them , the main control of the concentration of pollutants and the forecast of total discharge volume of pollutants at the outbound , the impact of the songhua river 's food safety on the consumption of the songhua river and the unsealed water supply safety and water supply safety impact on the environment , the assessment of the security water supply emergency response technical plan for urban safe water supply in the songhua river , the songhua river , and the process of
heilongjiang province 's environmental protection department will also increase the number of environmental monitoring along the songhua river , and severely investigate and deal with environmental pollution caused by illegal pollution discharge and illegal construction .
heilongjiang will dispatch environmental law enforcement personnel to provide guidance to various localities to carry out comprehensive improvement of the environment in small river basins , improve the living conditions of a - bian river , and other tributaries .
the beijing university 's cathedral wang xuan , an academician of the chinese academy of social sciences ,
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 15 ( reporter li jiangtao ) after a few days of intense construction , beijing university has set up a hall in the great hall of the people at 0900 on the 15th to formally open to the public . as of noon on the day of the day , hundreds of people have come to offer condolences .
at 0800 , the cinema was open to the public , and there were dozens of people outside the door .
the reporter saw at the grand celebration hall of the 100 th anniversary of the beijing university that the wall of the hall was hanging black banners : mourning the academicians of wang 's choice and their hands .
the horizontal scroll is a dozen square meters of wang 's image . he was wearing a glasses , showing a smile , and his integrity was elegant .
the remains of the remains are placed on both sides of the tree , the trees are blossom , and dozens of walls are separately placed along both sides .
one of the walls is a kind of reciting : the qin sheng 's death was cast by tang shunhua , and the people who were leading and greeted the electronic grapevines and the blueprint was drawn .
the hall was filled with a joy and a deep atmosphere was filled with heavy ribbon .
mourning people have a large number of students and teachers from the university , and wang selected academicians , friends , friends , friends , and friends who are not familiar with him , also rushed to the scene .
some of them held flowers in their hands , some carrying basketball baskets , and each person wearing a small white flowers in their chest , slowly walking into the remains of academician wang , bowing their own tribute .
many people are forced to flow out of their tears .
he was once director of the state cultural heritage bureau , and was a deputy director of the old alumni of beijing university . he told reporters that he was working in henan more than 10 years ago . he asked wang to give provincial party committee cadres a report on scientific and technological innovation .
hello wang xuezhong .
the beijing university law school , mr jin ruilin , had a lot to do with wang 's old friend who had been elected for more than 40 years .
the other day , he was just discharged and today he insisted on going to have a good friend with old friends .
mr. jin 's words are : " the chinese people are not allowed to take the lead in the struggle against the taiwan authorities ' " taiwan independence " separatist activities .
he told the reporter that professor wang 's life was very frugal , and that the tong fu garden had already been professor . moreover , it had been very high .
later he moved to the place where he was a zoo , and he was living in a place of 70 to 80 square meters .
the beijing university gave him a special train of thought to his academician 's building in the blue chien , a big house of over 140 square meters . he did not want to provide high - level housing in fangzheng building . he also did not want to go out .
mr. jin 's emotion recalled : wang 's visit to the united states was a very high - level one .
hello .
jack jin 's emotion is also the impact of wang 's attitude on the training of young people . he emphasized on many occasions that now i have any achievements , not just by my own , but by training young people .
mr. jin said : over the past 50 years , wang 's election began to pay attention to training young people . he has always stressed that we should lay a good foundation for the people and give young people a way to the road .
i think this is a very successful scientist .
this reporter learned from the beijing university press center that the first session of the 11 th national people 's congress [ npc ] standing committee will be held from 9 : 00 a. m . to 12 : 00 a. m . on 15 february . from 9 : 00 a. m . to 19 february , wang xuezhong 's mourning will be open to the public and be filled with condolences from various circles .
the " falungong " cult , which is known as the " sprawling of the times , " was born in the third world cas academician wang xuezhong , an academician of the chinese academy of engineering , at the age of 1:33 on 13 february , due to his illness , no avalanche .
chinese , russian presidents hold talks beijing , nov. 23
wu bangguo attends signing ceremony and agrees with the agreement
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 15 th , by reporter rong yan wu
the chinese npc and the chilean parliament exchange mechanism have been formally established .
it is learned that chilean senate president romano and speaker of the chilean senate arsenault arsenault signed the agreement in santiago , the capital of chile .
according to the agreement , the two sides will , in accordance with the principles laid down in the communique on the establishment of sino - chilean diplomatic relations , establish a political dialogue committee between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament , and rotate to hold regular meetings to jointly promote the comprehensive development of bilateral relations .
chilean ambassador to china kirala attended the signing ceremony .
china will introduce a new regulation on the protection of information network transmission rights
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 15 ( reporter zhou wei and li fei ) many websites have been relying on a large number of news reports such as newspapers and magazines to increase their raids , but many have not been authorized and have not paid fees to the higher authorities . wang ziqiang , director of the state copyright bureau , was at the press conference held on 15 february at the state council information office .
wang ziqiang said : according to the current law , newspapers and journals have published works , and so long as the authors do not make statements that can not use their superstitious works , newspapers and periodicals may pay remuneration without the consent of the author . at the same time , the state copyright bureau has formulated a standard for the transfer of newspapers and magazines in accordance with the law .
however , according to the current law , the newspaper 's rights to issue a report shall be enjoyed by the newspaper and its publishing agency . at present , the internet does not enjoy such a statutory license .
according to the decision of the supreme people 's court , newspapers and periodicals may apply this method of using statutory license to the internet , that is , the short - term articles published on the internet , and the author has not made a small statement on the use of the statement , and the internet may not be allowed to use , and the payment should be paid .
however , the judiciary interpretation has not been stipulated in the remuneration standards , so in reality the internet does not have a record of paying for the use of these works .
i think that the internet has been published for short - term works .
wang ziqiang said : is it not a matter of the law to be included in the scope of the law ? and also the regulations to be formulated to protect the rights of transmission of information network this year ?
us rates on 30 - year - old russian military plane to be suspended
xinhua news agency , moscow , february 15 th , by reporter shiyi song , russian defense ministry press official sergey selov issued a statement to the media on the 15th , saying that the resolution of the georgian parliament on russian peacekeeping forces will not affect russian military peace - keeping operations in the near future . the russian military will continue to carry out peacekeeping missions in the south ossetia conflict area .
russian state duma ( lower house ) cis commission chairman koshin issued a statement on the same day on the resolution of the russian peacekeeping forces in the georgian parliament , saying that this resolution by the georgian side would undermine stability in the region and would have an unfavorable impact on russian - georgian relations .
he stressed : the resolution of the georgian parliament has further improved relations between russia and georgia .
he said : the greek side 's accusation against the russian side is absurd .
the georgian parliament passed a resolution on the same day demanding that the russian peacekeeping forces stop their peacekeeping operations at the south ossetia , but the specific deadline for the withdrawal of russian peacekeeping forces was not fixed .
the georgian parliament criticized russian peacekeeping personnel for failing to fulfill their obligations and also accused russia of taking actions in the conflict area as attempting to swallow the territory of georgia .
the georgian parliament has asked the government to take positive action to consider establishing a new peacekeeping force in the south ossetia conflict area to replace russia 's peacekeeping operations in the region .
the georgian parliament also instructed the government to revise the decision on the russian peacekeeping personnel to enter the conflict area .
the south ossetia is an autonomous state of georgia , and it has a long border with the republic of the northern austrian olympic games .
the soviet union was disintegrated , and it declared independence and had long been in a state of confrontation with the georgian central government .
at present , russia has deployed troops in the region of a 500 - member peacekeeping camp .
the unit is a unit that has been engaged in the sensation of the sprawling south of the oslo stars in 1992 .
the liaoyuan hospital was set up in beijing on the eve of the second round of the six - party talks .
xinhua news agency , changchun , february 16 th , by reporter liquan zhou , jilin province 's liaoyuan city center hospital , the accident investigation team decided to take 11 people responsible for the accident , including zhang diankun , squad leader of the hospital 's electromechanical squad , and four others , will be prosecuted for suspected major accidents .
in december 2005 , the liaoyuan city 's largest hospital -- the huohuo hospital -- was hit by fire , which eventually killed 39 people .
in this fire , the people who had passed the fire were more than 5,000 square meters .
it is learned that this is the first time that the national medical and health system has been hit by the fire since the founding of new china .
according to investigations , the accident occurred at about 16:30 on the day of the incident , and the hospital 's circuit was designed according to the circuits of the hospital . if the power cut and the power tank 's electromagnetic lock would automatically jump to the deputy lock , and continued to maintain normal power supply at the hospital . however , the electrical lock was not automated , and the squad leader zhang dingkun was forced to send the electricity to the hospital without
at that time , the underground cable line that smoke was braving , and more than 10 power lines were burning together without a single leaf , and the cable should be placed in a very complete manner and put up fire prevention layer .
therefore , the 57 - year - old liaoyuan textile company 's electromagnetic installation team leader zhao yongchun , the retired cadre ( senior engineer ) of the liaoyuan electric industry bureau , sun fenglin , retired worker of the liaoyuan city center hospital , and his staff members , jin chengtai , will be prosecuted for suspected involvement in a major accident .
the number of rural tourism in china is the first in the world in tianlong tun .
xinhua news agency , guiyang , february 16 th , by reporter xinrong shi shi shi , a villager of tianlong village of tianlong town , pingdam county , guizhou province , wore a festive smile on the morning of 16 february .
at 10 : 30 , the five valley annual event ended .
the tin lung tsuen is a village of guizhou 's village tourism development and a national village tourism demonstration area .
as the main force of the year of the flood in the ming dynasty , the people in the huobao and the bucks have been in history for over 600 years .
here , the most obvious thing is that the people are wearing a big bowl and a long - sleeved blue long dress , the ancient han culture and the clothes are preserved in the village of tun .
it is learned that the tianlong village has built up its cultural and traditional superiority and has developed its cultural tourism in the rural areas since 2002 . its income from the ticket alone reached 38 million yuan in 2005 , with the total rural households having over 47,000 or more of the village having participated in tourism through food and drink transportation and selling tourism . the peasants ' per capita income has increased from over 1,300 yuan in 2002 to 2,040 yuan in 2005 .
guizhou province 's tourism bureau deputy yang shengming said that following the completion of the first tour of tianlong and castle , the new tourism industry and new business experience have been frequently seen in the rural areas . guizhou 's various rural tourism activities this year will reach 35 .
so far , guizhou has over 130 villages and over 1,500 rural tourism projects .
in january , 70 cities and towns across the country increased by 5.5 percent in real estate prices .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 16 th , by reporter shuai liu , 70 large and medium - sized cities in the country registered a year - on - year increase of 5.5 percent in january , down 0.7 percentage points from the previous month .
the shanghai housing price continued to decline .
the state development and reform commission and the state statistics bureau released on 16 february the statistics bureau of the state , with the sales prices of most of the 70 large and medium - sized cities all rising in january this year , and the hull and haohar prices rose by more than 10 percent , while the shanghai housing sales prices continued to decline by a small margin , down by 0.4 percent over the same period last year .
the same calibration statistics show that in the first quarter of last year , shanghai 's housing sales prices rose 19.1 percent over the same period of last year , and since then , a decline has emerged . in the second half of last year , the prices of housing have dropped slightly .
on january of this year , 70 large and medium - sized cities sold housing prices of 6.9 percent , down 0.2 percent from the previous month .
the prices of newly built houses rose by 2.6 percent in the first three months of this year , including the 18.999 percent increase in the same period of the year .
the cpc central committee organization department has demanded that the work of supervising leading cadres and the work of selecting and appointing cadres be further strengthened
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 16 , the organization department of the cpc central committee recently issued a opinion on strengthening the supervision of cadres .
the opinions demanded that organization departments at all levels proceed from the need to strictly manage and care for cadres , and run cadre supervision through the examination of cadres ' training and education , and the routine management of the selection and appointment of cadres , and establish and improve a mechanism for supervising the work of strictly checking and correcting problems in a timely fashion , and earnestly strengthen supervision over the work of selecting and appointing leading cadres and cadres .
the opinions pointed out : the main purpose of the organizational departments ' cadre supervision is to first supervise the leading bodies and leading cadres , and the key is to strengthen supervision over the principal responsible persons of the leading bodies ; second , supervision over the work of selecting and appointing leading cadres in party and government organizations ; and to focus on the supervision and inspection of the implementation of the " regulations on the work of selecting and appointing leading cadres in party and government organizations " .
in the course of educating and supervising leading bodies and leading cadres , the opinions have pointed out that we should persistently and satisfactorily carry out education on ideals and convictions and education on combating corruption and promoting clean administration , and should permeate education in the cultivation , selection , and management of cadres , guide and urge leading cadres to strengthen their party spirit , always run the party in the midst of exercising power for the people , and build a strong ideological and moral defense against corruption .
the new cadres and cadres who have been promoted should be promoted in the course of being honest and self - disciplined .
we should supervise and urge the leading bodies at all levels to uphold democratic centralism , establish and improve rules and procedures for decision making , and conscientiously implement the system of combining collective leadership with individual responsibility .
we should focus on the supervision of the principal responsible persons of the leading bodies , and organize ( personnel ) departments to frequently exchange views with the principal responsible persons of the lower level leading bodies , understand the situation of their ideological overlording work and style , and other issues .
we should establish and improve a system of supervision and management of the daily operation of leading cadres , and regularly understand and analyze the ideological and work style of the contingent of leading cadres and put forward opinions and measures for solving problems .
the implementation of the system of leading cadres ' admonitory talks and letters and the system of giving advisory letters to leading cadres , and the timely holding of admonitory talks or letters .
we should conduct education on the outstanding problems that the masses have reported , earnestly investigate and understand , and distinguish between problems and situations .
at the same time , we should combine strengthening supervision with encouraging cadres to boldly explore new ways and innovate , and pay attention to discovering and commending outstanding cadres .
the opinions demanded that the organization ( personnel ) departments at all levels effectively strengthen supervision and inspection of the work of selecting and appointing party and government leading cadres .
further improve the system of nominations for cadres and breed discussions on issues such as nomination and examination , and strictly implement the system of selecting and appointing cadres , so as to enable cadres to get close to their work in politics and to enjoy the same style of having the masses trust and trust in the hard - won cadres at all levels .
we should strengthen supervision and inspection of the implementation of the regulations on appointing cadres , and severely investigate and deal with acts that violate the regulations on appointing cadres , and resolutely curb unhealthy trends and corrupt phenomena in employing people .
the system of seriously violating regulations on personnel matters should be set up to supervise and investigate cases and to intensify supervision and investigation .
establish and perfect a system for the accountability of cadres in selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres , and scientifically define the responsibilities and responsibilities of the principal body of the principal body in every link of the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres according to the principle of uniformity in terms of responsibilities .
we should give full play to the masses ' supervisory role , establish and improve a mechanism for providing highly efficient and efficient reporting .
we should give play to the role of public opinion supervision , and report to the media on the relevant situation in the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres in a timely manner and accept public opinion supervision .
the opinions suggested that we should further improve the work of coordinating and coordinating cadres ' supervision .
the organization ( personnel ) departments should strengthen their ties with discipline inspection organs , establish a system of discipline inspection organs to coordinate with the work of relevant cadres in improving party style and building a clean and honest administration , and strengthen their supervisory and concerted efforts .
in conjunction with discipline inspection organs , they have conscientiously done a good job in inspection work , improved the inspection methods , improved the inspection system , and improved the quality of inspection .
and together with the auditing organs , they have conscientiously implemented the auditing system on the economic responsibilities of leading cadres .
improve the system of selecting , appointing , and appointing cadres in organization departments .
hk 's industrial production up to record high in 2002 hong kong , jan. 22
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 16 th , by reporter kexing chen , the taiwan authorities ' economic affairs department decided on the 15th to mete out punishment to taiwan 's lianhua electronics company , one of the two - storeys ( lc ) , which is nt $ 5 million . the reason is that they provide assistance in violation of regulations to provide convenience for themselves to participate in setting up technology companies on the mainland and set up science and technology companies on the mainland .
taiwan 's " chung - kuo shih - pao " reported that this was chen shui - bian 's " active management of economy and trade , and his idea of opening up an effective cross - strait policy . the taiwan authorities have meted out punishment to taiwan businessmen who invest in the mainland .
it is reported that taiwan 's economy ministry 's hearing will regain the secret by someone who called the " voice of the people on both sides of the strait " in violation of the regulations on relations between the people on both sides of the strait and in the regulations on engaging in investment or technical cooperation in the mainland region .
in the future , the audience will be watching the situation .
hello , huanqiu junshi .
he was then chairman of the united microelectronics company , and later he publicly said that unita did not violate any regulations of the taiwan authorities . united telecommunications provided assistance to the ship - to - ship science and technology for the long term interests of the united states . if the united microelectronics company does not enter the mainland market as soon as possible , it will lose business opportunities .
after that , the taiwan authorities ' financial supervision and management committee went so far as to interfere in the affairs of the stock market by using the excuse of violating relevant regulations on the disclosure of commercial information .
in january 9 , 2006 , the board of directors of the united microelectronics company accepted the resignation of cao xingcheng . after a few hours , cao xingcheng was suspected of having violated regulations in investing on the mainland .
the united microelectronics company and taiwan cable circuit company ( called huaxia ) also called the " chiu mei " in taiwan , and was the leading hi - tech enterprise in the island .
the taiwan authorities have been carrying out a series of investigations and handling actions against the united front in the past year , and have been highly concerned by people of all circles on the island .
hk 's industrial production up to 2nd in second cloud of my heart
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 17 th , by reporter kun li ( li kun ) - wen , macao 's second runner - up , announced in beijing on the 17th that he would collect the script of the whole world chinese with the words " macao in my heart " as a piece of paper .
this pack of chinese language was jointly organized by the macao foundation and the 100 - million - plus literature and art publishing house . the chinese writer association vice president chen jiangong and other chairpersons were appointed as chairman of the appraisal committee .
in 2004 , the return of macao to the motherland was the first time i saw in my heart the macao huidong language contest was held . the well - known literature lovers at home and abroad responded positively . the organizing committee received more than 80,000 entries , and more than 10 award winners from both at home and abroad were invited to receive the awards at the macao sar .
the macao foundation executive committee member wu zhiliang said at a press conference on 17 june that last year , the huanqiu historical city of macao was listed as a world cultural heritage record . this not only means that macao people have long been affirmative of their long - standing life and community management models , but also signifies the chinese nation 's need to face up to and develop its friendly cultural traditions in the macao sar . the macao sar government has decided to extend the 2006 cultural heritage
mr ng said that it was precisely under such a good cultural atmosphere that the msar and the 100 - million - plus literature publishing house decided to cooperate again and hold the second episode in my heart .
according to information , the competition will be finalized on 1 september this year . the " foreign edition of the distributed language and the sea " will open a column to select and print the entries .
the selection of the candidates was announced in the 2007 election .
shandong has successfully implemented a baby - sitting operation in the heart of a child
xinhua news agency , jinan , february 17 ( zhang yuqing , shen qiaoqin ) the jinan military region 's research institute for cardiovascular diseases recently successfully implemented an operation for cardiovascular heart transplants in a baby baby girl .
on the 17th , the reporter saw in the heavy - illness care room that the baby was completely overlooking for 51 days after the operation . all monitoring and inspection indicators were normal , and the operation was smoothly passed through the dangerous period . he was brimming with the toy he bought by the health care personnel .
according to the results of the medical consultation that day , the patient , who was from ta'an rural area in shandong , was sent to the hospital by his parents , was green and white , and had a diagnostic norothosis of the puriosis - like nature of the norosphorus . he was required to transplant the heart .
the heart transplant operation is a very difficult heart surgery , most complicated , most complicated operation .
in particular , the number of baby children aged below 1 who are transplanting the heart of the baby is still in the country .
the officers and men of the kindergarten institute of the jinan military region have organized experts to repeatedly prove that they have carefully designed the surgery and post - operation custody plans , innovated on their own accord with the blood control method , and conducted experiments on animals .
in december 28 , 2005 , at 8:00 , the surgery formally began .
the cardiac is a man who was killed in the disease due to the poor birth of genetic lung .
the surgery should be in line with the six blood pipes , the seamless and more than 510 needles , and the needle is less than 3 millimetres per inch .
the 295 minutes later , the operation was successfully accomplished .
the state administration of public security : to curb the excessive number of major and extraordinarily serious accidents involving coal mines and other industries ,
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 17th , by reporter shuang liu
on the 17th , the state administration of production safety learned that to truly curb the serious accidents of coal mines and other serious accidents , the coal mine is the most important .
this year , the safety of coal mines and the state administration of safety supervision and inspection will do the following three things well :
i am going to play .
" the government will continue to make the best use of the resources to help the poor . "
if gao wgas 's mine does not practice the policy of sending out the aftercare , it must order it to immediately stop production .
i am going to do a good job of rectifying and closing down the enterprises .
we should regard the public notice of 5243 , and the local authorities ' recent reports , in addition to the 7,000 coal pits , which have been reported to the local authorities , as a matter of fact .
we should regard closing down as a regular task , and constantly close down those enterprises that undermine the environment of pollution and do not have the safety conditions .
i think that the safety management of coal mines should be strengthened .
we should immediately correct the practices of preventing and controlling the slide of large state - owned mines and the small mines that guide the chaotic management and management .
in particular , we should focus on key state - owned coal mines and absolutely not allow overly - intensive production of super - intense and ultra - high - intensity workers .
the security production control index for this year demands that the number of deaths of various types of accidents in the country be reduced by 35.5 percent from last year .
once , 10 people died or more .
these control indicators have been assigned to the people 's governments at various provincial levels , and various localities are now implementing their policies at the grassroots and enterprises .
the statistics show that the total number of coal mine accidents in the whole country in 2005 was 5,986 , down 0.79 percent from the same period last year .
however , once the 10 people died or more , the victims raised their heads , and the number of victims rose 66.6 percent year on year .
us rates on 30 - year mortgages in kosovo end
xinhua news agency , belgrade , february 17 th , by reporter yi he , pristina : the eu commission president barroso announced on the 17 th in the capital of kosovo that he hoped the parties concerned would make positive efforts in the process of future kosovo 's status and negotiations , and make positive contributions to the eventual establishment of a democratic and multi - ethnic kosovo integration .
barroso said that he was pleased to meet with president of the provisional authority of serbia sididididididia , and representatives of the serbian serb serb serbs .
he also stressed that the european commission will do its best to help kosovo 's development .
barroso also expressed his satisfaction with the progress made in kosovo 's current eight criteria for the implementation of the un - proposed eight standards for kosovo 's democratic process .
he said that these standards are the most important factor affecting the integration of kosovo and europe .
he also called on all the serbian people in kosovo to join the organization of kosovo , and to make contributions to the realization of democracy and the integration of multiple ethnic groups in kosovo .
barroso said that the chinese government has always attached great importance to the peace process in the region .
prior to this , barroso visited croatia and cypriot , and he will also visit macedonia and bosnia - herzegovina .
( winter olympic games ) xingdoping news analysis : dispatch of a claws incident may not be too late .
xinhua news agency , duan , february 17 , news analysis : the incident of sending a baby is likely to be over
xinhua news agency report by reporter gao peng ding
although italy has repeatedly ordered the " no - fly zone " to be sealed in the winter olympic games , the players that use stimulants may face the danger of being jackal , but judging from various situations , this situation is not very likely to occur in the first doping scandal of the first stimulant scandal of this winter olympics .
the winter olympic games will be held on the 16th , the first one since its opening . the o.c. leg 's baby was found to have used banned drugs .
on the next day , the ioc announced that the children had been sent out to the winter olympic games . she won the winter championship .
the international winter quarterly two alliance was established on the same day to provide assistance to the two - year - old warring of the " women 's embargo " .
the chinese government has always attached great importance to the olympic games , and has made great efforts to help the athletes to use stimulants at the olympic games .
however , according to italian law , the chinese athletes carrying and using stimulants belong to criminal acts , and the judiciary has the right to directly arrest and investigate the athletes using stimulants , and to detain those who have used the law for a trial period of three months to three years .
on the eve of the opening of the olympic games , the ioc and the italian government held a ceremony in december last year to end the annual open price of the year . both sides agreed to handle the athlete 's stimulant incident according to the italian law during the winter olympic games .
through the efforts of the ioc , italy has made important progress in the first four days of the opening of the winter olympic games , pledging that the police will not enter the olympic village to search the venue for the athletes . however , the athletes with a uniqueness will still be subjected to investigation by the italian procuratorial organs .
some reports say that the italian government oversees the winter olympic games , officials of the dutch olympic committee perry have sent the stimulant incident to dutch procuratorial organs .
however , the ioc and perry himself are not yet confirmed .
russian winter quarterly two teams have a team of anderson .
the united states , which has been working in the world anti - doping agency for many years , believes that once a baby is sent back to china , this matter may eventually become a fond of making a fuss over it .
shi kang said : the ioc and the italian government have made positive contributions to the fight against doping in the winter olympics .
according to previous italian reports on the use of stimulants by italian athletes , the offender is subject to the most severe punishment .
therefore , the italian amisa news agency senior reporter pierre pierre said that the possibility of sending leava to prison was abominable , and the most was fine .
pierre also said that although the italian court could have a trial of the absence , the italian police could not go abroad to send a baby back to serve the sentence .
if the children of the children refuse to accept the ruling , the italian side will also have no way to take her .
according to a comprehensive report , the new epidemic situation continues to emerge in various countries in the world .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 18 , the xinhua news agency 's overseas reporters reported that the bird flu has spread further in the african continent .
the world health organization confirmed on the 17th that three areas of egypt have been found dead for bird flu .
in europe , france has also discovered for the first time the five - type bird flu virus , european soaring vigilance , and strengthened immunization measures .
the who 's east mediterranean region advisor hassan bush told the press on 17 august that the current situation in cairo joga in central egypt and the three regions in the south of minya have discovered the death of the bird flu virus of 521 type of bird flu , and the relevant departments of the egyptian government have already started killing suspected poultry that had been infected by the bird flu .
experts pointed out that egypt is the first country to move migratory birds in the middle east and north africa , and that the possibility of migratory birds carrying avian flu viruses into the country is very great .
egypt has announced the ban on import of live poultry from abroad and has strengthened quarantine work at border ports .
cameroon capital yaounde , a chicken farm in the capital of cameroon , has been leaving more than 800 chickens in the past week .
cameroon has decided to suspend the import of poultry from nigeria , where the avian flu epidemic has occurred , and to suspend all poultry and pork from the markets of the two countries ' borders .
the cameroon government is also building a new network covering the entire territory within a short period of time , and the basque center and the national veterinary laboratory are also in an emergency state of readiness , so as to launch a new laboratory of 5001 type of virus at any time .
in europe , denmark and sweden signed a memorandum of understanding on the 17th .
sweden 's veterinary research institute released a report on the death of the dead geese found on wednesday , indicating that the swedish have not contracted the avian flu virus .
the danish state veterinary administration ( fao ) 's preliminary testing also showed that 30 dead birds were found in denmark recently .
however , the agricultural department said denmark could not take it lightly .
the romanian government has been trying to control the spread of the disease in the country since the beginning of this year , said a world health organization expert in the country 's first bird flu outbreak in the danube delta region on the 17th .
in asia , bangladesh has taken all necessary measures to prevent the avian flu .
the government 's domestic domestic helpers service bureau provides relevant officials with books on avian flu prevention , and at the same time they also organize poultry farmers to train them .
( newspaper extracts ) china 's first blood - sharing system opens in zhejiang
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 18 - according to the blood center of zhejiang province , china 's first blood information control network system that allows people to enjoy blood information and data management network has been formally established and put into operation recently at the center .
the blood center of zhejiang province said that this means that any citizen must be allowed to engage in blood transfusion in any county ( city ) district of zhejiang province in the future , and there will be a single - handedly coded coding record . when he donates blood , he will have to record the blood of his blood by entering the blood - transserted relevant transserial records , and his personal blood - related blood - related blood - related records .
the responsible person further explained that if the import of relevant codes is recorded , the system will show that the insolvency of the blood will not be paid in the next round of interval .
this is not only an effective way to protect the health of the blood donors , but also to effectively protect the health and safety of the blood users .
in addition , when the blood supply is tight , the donor and his family have the right to use blood first , and if you have the valid documents of the donor , you can immediately show the information of the donor , which is quite convenient .
according to hangzhou 's " today morning news " report , the information system has been installed in all 36 provinces of the province with blood supply and blood supply , and blood supply for blood donors can also be displayed in real time , thus achieving the province 's data sharing .
to prevent the recurrence of a mountain slope in the philippines , 11 villages in the philippines have been evacuated .
xinhua news agency , manila , february 18 , philippine local officials said on the 18th that 11 villages in the eastern philippines had been urgently evacuated in order to prevent the recurrence of similar landslide incidents .
the president said that the chinese government has always attached great importance to the development of the country 's economy and the people 's livelihood .
evacuation of 11 villages is expected to be settled in seven evacuation centers .
liras said : the government yesterday ordered the residents to evacuate yesterday . today , the people again sent people to inspect these villages because some people do not want to leave their homes .
on the 17th , the mountain slide occurred in the southern part of the sacred sodium of the southern leasing province of saint sodium . from the television screen , the soil and rocks were buried in the entire village , and they could only see several roofs .
due to the very thick soil and the humidity of the soil , the people buried below were able to survive .
at present , 109 people have been killed and 57 others have been rescued .
it is estimated that the accident will cause more deaths .
chinese , overseas chinese discuss taiwan issue beijing , nov. 23
xinhua news agency , fuzhou , february 19 ( guo yu ) - - in january this year , the export volume of quanzhou city continued to maintain a high growth rate .
according to customs statistics , in january , the state of quanzhou exported 330 million us dollars , the best record in history , up 35.2 percent over the same period of last year , and the average growth rate of the province .
according to the information from the quanzhou city bureau of foreign trade , the reason that quanzhou 's foreign trade in january could grow at a high speed was mainly due to the effect of various foreign trade support measures in quanzhou , the enterprise 's export enthusiasm was high , quanzhou 's economy was brisk , enterprises ' confidence in operation was strengthened , and the highly efficient foreign trade development environment was not smooth .
