the results of the two mobile computers , which were sent to the diagnosis of concubine , were stolen
london , june 6 , 2007 ( afp )
the daily newspaper in london reported that two princess diana died in paris in 1997 and the computer was used by the former metropolitan police chief 's office .
the report said that the burglary caused speculation that computer might have hidden in the computer from the former cosmopolitan police chief , sir steve sen , to lead the investigation .
however , a woman spokesman for the metropolitan police office said there was no sensitive information in the computer or was related to the investigation .
sir thomas is the first senior officer of the british nobel - based police office in the city of tahthuna .
the report said that the secretary - general of the noyia police bureau had been tracing two theft cases over the past 10 days .
the incident occurred on the weekend from january 28 to 29 , including computers and cash were taken away , and the second case occurred last week , but there was no loss .
the norodom police also said that there was no evidence showing that the two cases were related to the work of sir steve vincent .
shi wensheng has been tracing the cause of death of princess wales not directly caused the accident .
the royal corpse officer , brgow , issued an order in 2004 to continue to trace the relevant evidence .
princess diana was born on august 31 , 1997 in a traffic accident in paris tunnel where she lost her life with her and her loved fafayette and driver .
after two years of investigation , the french police believed that the driver was driving and taking drugs after driving the car and taking drugs , leading to a tragedies .
sri lanka 's warring parties agree to hold talks in geneva in late june
xinhua news agency , lulu , march 7 , by reporter jiubo
the norwegian side , which is in the middle of the peace process , said that sri lanka 's war groups agreed to hold talks in geneva , switzerland on the 22nd of this month , defusing the deadlock in the negotiations , which have been going on for a long period of decades , to seek a end to the last - decades race bloody conflict .
norwegian peace envoy solham held a meeting with the liberation tiger organization of tamil elam in london , after balsinkhan , a negotiator for the organization of peace , has made this breakthrough .
the norwegian embassy in beijing said in a statement that clashes between sri lanka and sri lanka were caused by the sri lankan government and the liberation tigers of tamil ilan , demanding that the government assist in holding negotiations on february 22 in geneva on february 23 two days on february 22 .
the two - day talks will focus on how to strengthen the cease - fire agreement that will take effect on 23 february 2002 , and this agreement has not been fully observed by both sides .
the norwegian embassy said that the two sides will discuss how to improve the cease - fire agreement , which is the first time in three years that the two sides have held face - to - face talks at such a high level .
solham said he will lead the norwegian team to negotiate , the four - member team of the tiger group of the liberation of tanilan , headed by balanz , while the sri lankan government is led by health minister .
he said : " it is a small step on the road to peace , but the process of negotiations is expected to be difficult .
the first face - to - face talks on the solution of the ethnic conflict in sri lanka were held in japan in march 2003 , but the tamil - lilan liberation tigers cancelled the original seventh round of talks scheduled for april 2003 in thailand .
the opening of the winter olympics in dublin the south and north korean delegation to join hands in entering the stadium
ielitini , march 10 , 2007 ( afp )
the 20th winter olympics opened in du lin today . the cold war period was characterized by the two koreas and north korea , which were mutually enemies of each other during the cold war period . the two teams joined hands in the ceremony .
south korean women 's skating skating competitor lee po - lang and north korean man 's floral skating competitor han cheng - jen are respectively the wives of the two countries ' delegations , leading the south korean delegation to the winter olympics games ground .
this is the first olympic delegation from south korea and north korea to join hands in the winter olympics .
to reflect the good reconciliation and unity spirit of the two sides over the past few years , the year - old sydney olympics and the athens olympics in 2004 are held , and the south korean and north korean delegations are all admitted .
north korea has not participated in the 19 th winter olympics held in salt lake city , the united states .
the korean peninsula was split into a capitalist south korea and north korea in 1948 , and the two sides held a joint military exercise from 1950-1953 .
south korea leader kron north korea held a peace summit in 2000 , and bilateral relations turned better .
according to tradition , the greek delegation is the first country to be admitted , among the 80 participating countries , south korea is the 22 nd north korea entry , the 23 rd country to be admitted .
the landlord , rightwing , is the last country to enter the stadium . when the italian grand priest arrived at the stadium , a warm cheers and applause suddenly sounded in the sports arena .
hovman had a drug incubator luckily awakened to create a new performing arts
new york , march 16 , 2007 ( afp )
the world 's most popular film with hope to win the year of oscar , the movie baltic pottery : the male lead prabis , liverman , who is known as the orchestra , revealed that he had been unable to extricate himself from drugs and wine when he was young and blew up , and that fortunately , he could not help create a peak for his performing arts .
in an interview with cbs news , mr. kovman said that the period of the magazine was a period of time , but it was indeed unscrupulous to get drugs and wine .
he only came out at the time , and just graduated from the drama department of the new york university , and entered a colorful society . everyday life was fast and rotating , and finally he became a person 's head and became a person 's head and lost control .
he entered the kaliniac at the age of 22 and cut off the habit of drunk and eating and taking medicine there , which was the most panic in his life .
the upcoming oscar awards ceremony will be held next month , in which hovman explained the role of american writer , koehiro , the potatoes , the white blew , was considered to be the best male actor award .
before that , he had won recognition for his superb performance and had won many awards , including a gold - ball prize , the best male lead .
the 38 - year - old actress said during the interview that if they were not determined to change their bad habits before being famous , he could not get the nomination of oscar .
he said he admired those young people who were 19 years old and suddenly became famous for gold .
bird flu traces in europe , panama in europe
brussels , march 16 , 2007
the bird flu virus has continued to appear in europe , causing panic .
the european commission approved the setting up of a new hammer control area to bring all the areas of the discovery virus into its management and prohibit all bird - type biological transactions .
the report said that the number of h5n1 strain of h5n1 virus has been increasing to more farms , and signs that it has crossed the northern border to enter niger .
egyptian officials are investigating a bird flu case in a chicken farm in southern egypt , worrying that the virus may continue to spread .
the chicken market in europe is affected by the virus , and the big decline is the eu executive committee stressed that there is no reason to panic .
the executive committee is responsible for health and food safety executive committee ( hwfb ) , saying that the public are concerned about this matter but do not need to be overreacted .
following the three kilometers of surrounding areas and 10 kilometers of alert areas stipulated by the virus , the eu executive committee has also laid out new regulations to list all the european territories that have been discovered as " bottled " areas .
a european union official who declined to be named pointed out that everyone was nervous and that they were handling the issue of transmitting from europe one day to the evening , and they suspected that the epidemic had already broken out .
so far , a total of austria 's blizzard eisse , germany 's ricuiku , italy , romania , ukraine and russia 's territory in europe have all appeared in the territory of the country of the 5n1 virus , almost all of them are found in wild geese .
romania found the 31 st case on the 16 th , while slovenia 's bovine , greek and ruusan , germany , also found new cases .
southern italy , on the other hand , found bird flu virus on two ducks , and was the first wild swan in europe , infected with 5lyl virus .
eu officials are most worried about the possibility of returning migratory birds from africa .
the nigerian government is working harder to prevent the spread of viruses in the african continent to humans .
the nigerian government announced that all the five - kilometer poultry birds in the vicinity of the infected farm , regardless of whether they were threatened by the virus , were destroyed .
the nigerian government announced that the country had entered a warning state and allocated four million us dollars to monitor and monitor the borders between nigeria and nigeria .
the newly established national emergency committee said that they had received a notification that the two countries had a nearly 400 emergency shelters in the alma ya border of the two countries .
new regulation on business management of electronic banking in china to be effective on 1 march
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) china 's economy is growing at a faster pace , with the growth of the economy , the chinese bank said today
a spokesman for the china banking regulatory commission said that according to the provisions of the management measures , the methods for examining and approving foreign - funded financial institutions basically remain unchanged , that is , after foreign banks have been approved to establish their online banking business , if there is a need to increase the new type of internet banking business , the main report of the bank on the chinese mainland should be submitted to the bank for examination in a unified manner .
to standardize commercial banks ' business using the internet to develop banking business , the people 's bank of china in june 2001 formulated and promulgated the " provisional measures for managing internet banking business . "
a spokesman for the china banking regulatory commission said that with the continuous development of the business of commercial banks , the interim procedures have no way to meet the requirements of the risk control of electronic banking institutions .
according to a spokesman of the china banking regulatory commission , the china banking regulatory commission 's recognition of the quality of the qualifications of the security assessment institution is different from the administrative licensing of the nature of the entry of industries or enterprises , and is not the necessary condition for the evaluation organization to conduct the electronic banking security assessment business , and is only the reference of the financial institutions when selecting the evaluation institution .
as long as the security assessment institution meets the relevant conditions and requirements , even without the qualification of the cbrc , financial institutions can also employ them to conduct an electronic banking safety assessment , but should manage it according to the relevant regulations .
the " electronic banking business management method " consists of nine chapters and 99 articles , which are divided into four sections : general application , management of data exchange and transfer of management business , management of trans - border trans - border fund operations , management of supervisory function , legal responsibility , and supplementary provisions .
the " electronic banking security assessment guidelines " consists of five chapters and 57 articles , which are divided into general meshes security assessment , management and supplementary articles for implementing safety assessment activities of the institution .
the book " mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , and chen yun 's research " was published and distributed .
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the " selected works of mao zedong , zhou enlai liu , zhu de , deng xiaoping , and chen yun " compiled by the central party literature publishing house recently were published and distributed .
conduct investigation and study in the actual situation , persist in combining theory with practice , and formulate and implement correct lines , principles , and policies is the basic experience and basic work method of the cpc in leading revolution and construction .
mao zedong 's curtain , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , and other revolutionaries of the older generation , once made many important and incisive expositions on the issue of investigation and study , and they often went to the grass - roots level to personally conduct social surveys and wrote many investigation reports .
the practice and results of their investigation and study are of great significance for guiding the cause of the party and the people to develop along the correct road .
the book " mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , and chen yun 's research " is divided into three parts : the first part is the compilation of the remarks made by mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation on investigation and study , the second part is a copy of the works of mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation , the third part of which was the three investigation teams dispatched by mao zedong in the early 19@@
these reports were mostly published for the first time .
in addition , there are also two related articles about the central leaders ' investigation and study in the 1950 s and 60 s .
russia reiterates adherence to one - china policy
moscow , february 6 ( xinhua ) russian deputy foreign minister alekseyev said here today that russia will stick to the one - china policy when meeting with chinese ambassador to russia liu guchang .
alekseyev said that the russian side has noticed that chen shui - bian 's recent " taiwan independence " rhetoric .
the russian government has consistently upheld the one - china principle and firmly supported china 's efforts to realize the great cause of national reunification .
the " anti - secession law " adopted by the chinese national people 's congress last year was the first to publicly express support .
alekseyev said that the russian foreign ministry will issue a statement as soon as possible , reiterate the one - china stand , oppose the pro - taiwan independence trend .
( overseas ) third chinese compatriots have been living in south africa for robbery
johannesburg , february 6 ( xinhua ) the fuqing overseas chinese in fujian province , china , lin yixing , was found working in his restaurant on the morning of 5 february local time , and was injured by local armed elements in his restaurant . on the morning of 6 february , the burundian hospital in south africa 's judicial capital , died after rescuing the injured .
according to feng yang , president of the chinese federation of chinese communities in liberalized states , the incident occurred in welkelm city , more than 130 kilometers northwest of burundi .
at that time , the owner of the shop , lin yixing , picked up the goods inside the station and prepared to end the business day .
at that time , three customers were found at the shop , one of them jumped out of their pistols and rushed into the station and robbed them .
lin yixing , 40 , was fighting with the scoundrels . the scoundrels opened a gun to lin yixing and fled .
the locals who heard the news rushed to the hospital sent lin yiting to the hospital for treatment . due to the appearance of a pile of blood seepage bleakage of the full body of mao yisheng , the patient died at around 3 : 30 a. m . on 6 february .
on 6 february , the chinese consulate general in bairobi , xu defu , the chinese consulate general in bishkek , and lin changming , vice president of the association of fellow compatriots in south africa , rushed to burundian by car to help the family of the deceased handle the aftermath of the incident .
lin yixing became the first man who was shot and killed by robbers in 36 hours and was also the fourth chinese foreign man killed in south africa since the beginning of this year .
shanghai : part - time staff and college graduates become main players in hourly work
beijing , february 7 ( xinhua ) shanghai labor and social security bureau announced on the 6th the latest monthly wage guide for the year of 2006 , with a total of 120 jobs , 11 more than the previous year , and the original lucky salary index has risen to a lower level .
according to experts from the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau , currently , shanghai 's hours - working workers have exceeded 1 million .
according to a report in the china youth daily , college graduates and part - time workers are the main components of the hours - time workers .
through the survey of nearly 8,000 hours - time workers , half of them are part - time staff , and their percentage is 51.110 percent .
the cultural level of part - time workers is generally higher , mainly engaged in technical jobs such as translation and part - time jobs , as high as 81.77 % , and physical fitness to 61.6 % .
high income is a result of many people engaging in hours - time job - related jobs .
it is reported that the monthly income of a few jobs can reach tens of thousands yuan , and it will be difficult to find a way out , as if the voice is transmitted , and that the monthly income of the job can reach more than 2,000 yuan , such as the concubine of the financial work consignment .
to satisfy individual interests and expand their knowledge - based areas is also a major factor in the favor of part - time workers .
for example , when a company is a manager of the human resources department , a few hours will be selected for handling the financial accounts of a foreign representative office .
mr koo considered that the biggest benefit from part - time employment was to keep up with the new knowledge and to have the opportunity to involve another field . of course , there was a certain degree of enticement to the income of $ 2000 per month .
as some hours of employment has low threshold , and the working style is flexible and free , many graduates are gradually favoring job seekers , and 144 percent of them are graduates of secondary and tertiary schools in the past three years .
i did n't want to do an hour at the beginning but after a few months i felt it was better to work in the evening of the 5 th day of the democratic people 's republic .
after graduating from xiao huang , a college student , he was not happy to find a job . in the end , he hung up at a guesthouse and played with a piano and a music background .
i am very satisfied with the work now , one hour and 100 yuan , the environment is good , and i am doing more to find a few hours of work .
it is reported that hours of work has become a number of job - seeking graduates ' experience in tempering work , improving their skills , and increasing their social reading skills .
the graduates work hours mainly in knowledge and technical skills , and they are highly competent , such as those with relatively strong professional skills , and the highly contemporary performing arts .
some hours of work skills are not high , such as food promotion agents , lucky ones , etc. , unemployed personnel can be appointed on the job after simple training .
statistics show that among employees in the hours , 399.9 percent of those who were unemployed , among which the percentage of those who were unemployed in the retail sector was as high as 68.4 percent , 58.7 percent of the catering industry , and an important channel for unemployed workers to find jobs .
wu bangguo inspects anhui work
beijing , february 8 ( xinhua ) the cpc central committee political bureau standing committee member wu bangguo and the standing committee of the national people 's congress ( npc ) recently stressed during an inspection tour of anhui that it is necessary to take three important thinking as a guide in the work of making the three important deputies , persist in guiding the overall situation of economic and social development with the scientific development concept , seriously implement the central authorities ' principles and policies in light of local realities , further emancipate the mind , and cre@@
from 6 to 8 february , wu bangguo successively went to shanwei , wuhu , wuwei , and other places , went deep into enterprises ' rural scientific research institutes and institutes of higher learning on 8 february to inspect the projects .
wu bangguo pointed out : anhui has the advantage of linking the east and the south to the north . it is an important agricultural region in china . it has rich natural resources , relatively good industrial foundation , strong scientific and educational strength , and rich cultural and tourist resources . it has great potential for development .
anhui should firmly grasp the important opportunity of promoting the rise of central china , always persist in economic construction as the central task , and seriously implement the central authorities ' principles and policies in close connection with the actual situation in anhui , and implement the scientific development concept in specific measures to the actual work .
we should sum up practical experiences in a timely manner , fully rely on the masses , vigorously support reform and innovation , and constantly open up a new situation in anhui work .
we should actively promote the building of a harmonious society , persistently regard the realization of good luck and development of the fundamental interests of the overwhelming majority of the people as the starting point and the starting point of all work , actively create conditions , gradually readjust the distribution relationships , gradually change the urban - rural dual structure , gradually narrow the regional gap , maintain social justice , and let the entire people share the fruits of reform and development .
wu bangguo stressed : china has reached a new stage of development and development by relying more on the strengthening of its ability to innovate on its own and raising the quality of laborers to promote economic and social development . only by vigorously promoting scientific and technological progress and innovation can we achieve a leap forward in the quality of productive forces and effectively shift economic and social development to the track of scientific development .
we should establish and perfect as soon as possible a system and mechanism that is conducive to innovation , increase scientific and technological input , encourage patent inventions , develop famous brands , speed up the transformation of scientific and technological achievements into real productive forces , strengthen enterprises ' status as the main body in independent innovation , and continuously raise the contribution rate of scientific and technological progress to economic growth .
we should support and encourage the participation of technical elements in the distribution of resources , establish and perfect a statistical index system that reflects the ability to innovate on our own , study and formulate policies for supporting innovation in financial tax , financial key factors for government procurement , and form a policy system that encourages independent innovation .
we should cultivate an awareness of innovation in the whole society , vigorously advocate the spirit of daring to innovate and boldly innovate , and work hard to create a good atmosphere of talent coming forth in large numbers .
wu bangguo pointed out : the people 's congress has played an increasingly important role in ruling the country according to law and building a socialist country ruled by law .
to do a good job in the work of people 's congresses under the new situation , we should , first , adhere to the correct political direction , unswervingly take the road of socialist political development with chinese characteristics , and organically combine upholding the party 's leadership as the masters of the country and governing the country according to law .
second , we should closely center on the overall situation of the work of the party and the state , closely center on major issues in reform , development , and stability , and work closely around hot and difficult issues of common concern to the masses of the people , so as to constantly enhance the actual results of the work of the people 's congress .
third , we should bring into play the characteristics and advantages of the work of the people 's congress , uphold democratic centralism , act in strict accordance with the law , and decide on issues in a collective manner .
we should adhere to the mass line , take man as the foundation , exercise power for the people , care for the people , and work for the people 's interests .
china puts forward a major scientific research plan for the next 15 years
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) china has made great efforts to enhance its international competitiveness , promote sustainable development , and realize key leaps , the " state medium @ - and long - term scientific and technological development program ( 2006 - 2020 ) " issued by the state council on the 9th has made four major scientific research plans .
these four major scientific projects are the research of protein lavishness , the research of nanomei , and the research of development and reproduction .
the program pointed out that protein science is the life commanding height in developed countries that are keen to compete for .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on studying the transformation of key biometric systems , the bleak study of the white hair , the metabolic lapse , the mathematical mastery of white hogs , and the mutual role of pymolytic - related pyramid - related biological and system biology , and the methods of protein research , and related basic applied research .
the outline also holds that quantum regulation and control research is of a clear - cut perspective and may have a difficult and inestimable impact on human social and economic development in 20-30 years .
china should focus on studying the carrier and principles and methods for controlling quantum communications , calculating quantum resources , and limiting the new quantum effect of the small - scalding system , new principles and new technical foundation for measurement and control of skins , and so on .
in addition , the program pointed out that nanometer technology has become a strategic choice for many countries to enhance their core competitiveness and is also one of the fields that china is expected to achieve leapfrog development .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on research in this field , including the control of nanometer materials , the production of self - made , self - made , and functional , nanning electric acid and nanometer medical , nanometer scale and measurement , and nanometer technology will be used in the energy crisis and the application of nanometer technology in the energy source environment and the technology of nanometer technology .
china 's population growth is large , there are many shortcomings in birth , there is a serious shortage of transplant organs , and the peak of aging is approaching . therefore , it is urgently necessary to make breakthroughs in reproductive and development scientific theories and to make technological innovations .
according to the outline , china will focus on research on the increasing breeding of stem cells and the adjustment and control of cells in 2006 - 2020 , the physiological maturity and the depression of the reproductive functions of human bodies , the mechanism for retreating , and the safety and ethics of the reproductive and dry stem cell technology .
shanghai 's housing price drops by 7 percentage points last year
shanghai , february 9 ( xinhua ) the country 's gross domestic product ( gdp ) for the real estate sector in 2005 has achieved remarkable results in shanghai .
according to the latest data released , shanghai 's real estate industry had a relatively marked decline or slowing down in growth last year .
the price of residential housing dropped 6.6 percentage points from the previous year , while the value - added of the real estate industry decreased by 4.1 percent from the previous year .
pan jian , director of the shanghai municipal bureau of statistics , said at a press conference the other day that in 2005 , the average price of shanghai 's commodity residential housing was 6698 yuan / square meters , up 313 yuan from 2004 .
the annual price of residential housing rose 9.22 percent from the previous year , a 6.6 percent decline over the previous year .
the real estate industry added value for the whole year was 670.23 billion yuan , a decrease of 4.1 percent over the previous year .
of the balance of loans in financial institutions , the balance of personal mortgage loans was 26.494 - billion yuan , with an increase of only 9.44 - billion yuan in the same year , and the new loan increase in 2004 reached 728.09 - billion yuan .
pan jianxin said : from the perspective of the price of shanghai 's real estate sales for the whole year , the prices of commodity housing sales are stable .
the statistical communique also showed that according to the latest data , in 2005 , the price of shanghai 's real estate has dropped somewhat , and the average price of housing for housing is 6698 yuan / square meters , up 313 yuan from 2004 .
the price of housing for 2005 is 9.77 percent higher than that of the previous year , and the increase rate is 6.2 percentage points lower than that of the previous year .
according to him , last year shanghai 's total investment in real estate development was 124.686 - billion yuan , up 6.1 percent over the previous year .
the sales area was 3158.87 million square meters , down 9.55 percent .
sales of commodity houses for the whole year amounted to 21.63 billion yuan , a decrease of 4.5 percent over the previous year .
two light planes collide in new zealand
wellington , february 9 ( xinhua ) two new zealand light aircraft crashed at a place around 100 kilometers north of the capital wellington on the 9th , killing two pilots on board .
according to a relevant responsible official of the local civil aviation department , all the pilots on the two planes are students of the school of flight at maxi university . they are still undergoing training and have not yet obtained their flight license .
at the time of the incident , the two planes were in a non - air control area . according to regulations , when flying in such a region , the pilots should be responsible for the plane 's navigation and security conditions .
a witness at the scene of the incident told the new zealand media that when the plane collided , he heard a huge explosion and saw the plane crashed quickly on the ground .
another eyewitness also confirmed that he heard a huge explosion before the plane crashed and saw a debris crashed .
the cause of the collision is not clear , and the local civil aviation authorities will conduct an investigation on the incident .
argentine overseas chinese condemn chen shui - bian 's taiwan independence speech beijing , march 21
xinhua news agency , buenos aires , february 8th , by reporter cao yu , argentine overseas chinese association china 's peaceful reunification association , which was established in argentina , issued a solemn statement on 8 february , strongly denouncing chen shui - bian 's recent " taiwan independence " remarks and opposing any attempt to split taiwan from china .
the statement said : chen shui - bian declared in his speech on 29 january that he would abolish the national unification council [ kmt ] and the national unification guidelines [ cpu ] , which are a step further toward the bogus taiwan independence .
the compatriots on both sides of the strait are longing for peace and the good desire for peace and development for taiwan compatriots will face severe challenges .
the statement pointed out that resolutely opposing and curbing the separatist activities of taiwan independence and safeguarding peace and stability in the taiwan strait is still the most pressing task for the compatriots on both sides of the strait and the chinese people in the world at present .
the statement stressed that the china council for promoting peaceful reunification of argentina is willing to hold a meeting with all overseas chinese and ethnic chinese in argentina who uphold the one - china principle , firmly oppose any form of taiwan independence , and actively promote china 's peaceful reunification .
prc expert on us ' military threat ' to china
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a national defense university in the united states , which will be submitted to congress a few days ago , to the us congress , the pentagon said for the first time that china 's " transit " is the emerging country that may pose a military challenge to the united states .
experts believe that this is an unreasonable accusation against china 's normal national defense construction , and it is a prelude to the military threat theory of china and an interference in china 's internal affairs .
the " four - year defense assessment report " is a new document of the pentagon 's national defense guidance .
the report , which has a long 92 page , used three sections to explain the issue of china 's military strength and the countermeasures that the united states should take , has directly mentioned china 's two terms of " china " or " china 's " two etiquette , saying that china , as a major and emerging power , has the greatest potential to engage in military competition with the united states , and that if the united states does not have any countermeasures , it will very likely develop destructive weapons
the research fellow of the world military studies department of the chinese academy of military sciences , yao yunzhu , said that although senior us officials have expressed similar views on many occasions , this is the first time that the united states has proposed in its national defense strategy report that china is the most likely new big country that will pose military challenges to the united states .
this report clearly defines russia 's moggy as a new strategic opponent , especially the so - called " china military threat theory " .
peng guangqian , research fellow of the chinese academy of military sciences , said :
what merits attention is that in the " four - year defense assessment report , " us president bush also submitted a report on the fiscal year 2007 to congress , including the national defense budget reaching 439.3 - billion us dollars .
if the united states add to its military actions in iraq and afghanistan , the us budget for national defense in fiscal 2007 will exceed $ 500 billion , creating a new record , the ku kuan chiu said , " this is almost the same as the total military expenditure of all other countries in the world . "
peng guangqian said : the united states ' trick of fabricating the threat of other countries reflects the long - standing style of the pentagon to create enemies . its real purpose is to win more national defense expenses and to reap more profits for the us mammoth arms industrial group .
experts say that compared with the huge military spending of the united states , china 's national defense spending is quite limited .
he has participated in many military experts in the white paper on china 's national defense , deng hongzhou said : since the 1990 s , with economic development , china 's defense spending has increased somewhat , but the overall proportion of the state 's fiscal expenditure for the same period has shown a trend of decline .
official data show that compared with 1979 , china 's defense spending accounts for more than 10 percent of the state 's fiscal expenditure for the same period .
in 2005 , china 's national defense budget was 24.656 billion yuan , only about one - fourth of the united states ' , and the per capita national military expenditure was only about one - 60 of the united states ' , and the per capita military spending was approximately one - thirds of the us military 's total .
the united states ' land area is roughly the same as china 's territory , but the difference in military spending is so great . who 's exactly who 's military strength exceeds the need for proper defense . this is a mere mere trump .
peng guangqian said :
the research department of the china arms control and disarmament association , teng jianqun , said that the us side should objectively assess china 's military construction and that china 's peaceful development does not mean that china and the united states will become military opponents in the future .
the white paper " china 's national defense in 2004 " says that china firmly follows the path of peaceful development and practices a defensive national defense policy .
china has not been in a position to pose any threat to any country in the past and at present .
so far , china has not established military bases in any other countries , nor has it sent a single soldier to other countries , while the united states has over 100 military bases overseas , and has deployed more than 100,000 troops in the asian region alone .
professor zhu feng of the international relations college of beijing university said : china and the united states should increase communication and exchanges through the established channels , enhance mutual understanding and trust , and comprehensively push forward the constructive and cooperative relations between china and the united states in the new century so as to promote world peace and development .
( winter olympics ) du ling winter olympics opening will show a passion
duling , february 9 ( xinhua ) the 20 th winter olympics opened here today , with the opening ceremony of the 20 th winter olympics , which will open at 8 : 00 p.m . local time , the mysterious veil of the olympic stadium in duanning .
on 9 july , the preparatory committee of the turin winter olympic games disclosed to reporters the brilliant arrangements for the opening ceremony .
on the opening ceremony , kacstunica , chairman of the organizing committee , said at a press conference that the opening ceremony cost more than 10 million euros , which is the largest in all italian fields .
he said that the night of 10 may will be an unforgettable day . at that time , 35,000 viewers in the venue and 2 - billion viewers of television stations throughout the world will see the opening ceremony which is full of passion and success .
the passive flame was filled with a ray of five - ring peace - - - the pigeon pigeon and the alps white snow and milk cows will appear at the opening ceremony . the director introduced the sonar and the italian - style cacumbilical talent - - - as the main theme of the opening ceremony and as the biggest winter olympics in history , he would show the rich cultural vitality of italy 's long - standing cultural olympics and
the famous italian designer amani specially designed the opening ceremony for the opening ceremony , and the famous italian fashion brand , morkino , will provide a courtesy for the athletes who are on the ceremony .
however , the famous italian tenet paraveotti will sing a song at the opening ceremony , and the organizing committee will hold this recital in the end .
eight people who can spray the flame on the ball will use a three - meter - long flame to show the passion of the burning , and they will shuttle on numerous occasions at 70 km speed .
officials of the organizing committee said that this was the most delighted creation in their opening performance .
on how to ignite the main torch , the organizing committee did not disclose it in advance , but the main torch channel , which is as high as 57 meters , will light residents on duling and nearby alps .
white house announces bush 's visit to pakistan , india
washington , february 9 ( xinhua ) the united states will continue to maintain its nuclear program on the basis of the three principles of the preemptive islamic doctrine , a white house spokesman said here today .
mcclellan said that bush is looking forward to visiting pakistan and india .
he also said that he is making arrangements for the visit .
mcclellan made these remarks at a demonstration held in some areas in pakistan to protest against the blasphemic mohammed .
in january this year , bush met pakistani prime minister aziz at the white house , during which the two sides expressed the need to strengthen friendly cooperation to jointly crack down on terrorism that endangers the security of the two countries .
bush also said that at the invitation of the pakistani and indian governments , he will pay a visit to pakistan and india in march .
hamas to form cabinet to seek breakthrough in cabinet
ramallah , february 9 ( xinhua ) hamas has formed a cabinet to seek a breakthrough in the new cabinet
xinhua news agency , beijing , march 21 ,
the palestinian islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) won the legislative elections , how to draw up a new government blueprint has become the focus of international attention .
what new policy will hamas implement have a direct impact on the relevant parties ' policy orientation for the peace process in the next step .
at the same time , the us and israel 's boycott attitude has added new variables to the hamas government 's prospects .
at present , the palestinian side is stepping up consultations to discuss the difficulties and sensitive points involved in the formation of the cabinet and actively seek breakthroughs on the issues related to the future development of the situation .
the premier 's job will be a little over .
after hamas won the cabinet , some people in the outside were worried that hamas 's current prime minister might have differences with the current top leader abbas .
moreover , hamas leader mahathir , who is visiting egypt , stressed that the new palestinian government formed by hamas will not recognize israel , and this tough signal has also aggravated international concern .
the united states and israel have explicitly stated that they will not accept a hamas government with real power and threatened to suspend economic aid to palestine and transfer tax to the palestinian side .
however , this does not prevent hamas from making flexible strategic adjustments and selecting an independent person is a compromise .
it is reported that in order to obtain international approval to the maximum , hamas leaders at home and abroad who gathered in egypt recently decided to elect the independent jemir huidali , chairman of the board of directors of the sharm el - sheikh islamic university , to become the new prime minister .
this move has not yet received any response from the parties concerned .
palestinian analysts , hosni hossein , said that the most crucial thing is to choose the prime minister to play down hamas 's hard - line color as much as possible , only in this way can the government be successful .
how to distribute power
within the party , the biggest challenge facing the cabinet is that there is a lack of sufficient experience in governance .
the palestine " daily " carried an analysis saying that hamas has attracted people 's attention through social welfare projects , but in terms of governance , it lacks experience and is closely linked to the palestinian national liberation movement ( fatah ) , which has the experience of governance .
hamas has proposed to establish a political partner with fatah after the election to jointly establish a national coalition government , but fatah has not given a positive response to it .
there are now opinions on whether fatah will join the cabinet , and there are different opinions on whether to join the new government , so that it will be able to do something , while the other faction refuses to accept hamas , and is willing to act as a pro - active opposition in the legislative yuan .
informed sources pointed out that under abbas 's advice , fatah is gradually inclined to join the new government .
even so , hamas and fatah will also hold a bargaining on the allocation of cabinet positions .
in addition , another way is to set up a legislative council framework to break down the cabinet of the party affiliated to the party .
hamas also designed a clean - up government . however , the specific name list is unknown .
in view of the us and israel 's attitude , the technical expert - type government has no choice but to form a cabinet to reduce external pressure .
according to the palestinian " basic law " , the new legislative council chairman nominated the prime minister and formed the cabinet after taking office on 16 february will be completed within three to five weeks .
what course will the armed forces follow ?
the weapons in hamas are another thorny problem facing the new government .
the united states and israel have adopted a very tough attitude , and they have firmly demanded that hamas give up violence and refuse to participate in politics with guns .
hamas leader mahathir stressed on the 9th that armed resistance is the strategic choice of the organization .
the armed issue in fact includes the legality of weapons and the issue of the ownership of armed forces .
hamas was elected to the first major party in the legislative committee through democracy and freedom , and its subordinate armed factions , bimonthly , were also legalized by a bmw , which was to bring it into the government 's security organs .
hamas once proposed that all factions be reunited as the palestinian national authority , the people 's armed forces be defeated , but they did not receive a broad response and were criticized by the palestinian islamic jihad ( jhahid ) .
palestine now has more than 60,000 security personnel , and the overwhelming majority of them come from the fatah camp .
moreover , fatah also has some armed police factions under a slack organization relationship , such as the album martyrs baker , the mai - la , etc.
hamas , who is responsible for forming the cabinet , must exchange views with abbas on how to manage these armed forces that are in their own hands and rationally allocate their security management powers .
according to local media reports , abbas intends to take charge of security and intelligence units , police , and civil defense organizations , while the interior ministry of the new government is under the control of the new government .
however , all sides are still holding consultations on this sensitive issue , and so far there is no further report .
china issues report on polar investigation
beijing , february 10 ( xinhua ) china 's state oceanic administration ( sssb ) recently issued a " 2005 report on china 's polar exploration , " which is the first time in more than 20 years since china launched its polar scientific research activities .
the " report " comprehensively reflects the spirit of the 2005 polar scientific survey activity in china , the main progress and results of the scientific research on the logistical support land , and other issues .
according to the " report , " the " report " was published at 22:15 ( beijing time ) on 9 january 2005 . the inspection team of the inland - land icecap survey team of the inland pole reached the iceac region of the antarctic , the highest in the world . it also set the peak of the ice - knife at 315 hours on 18 january .
in the international polar stage where competition is increasingly fierce , chinese people are bent on the strong will and dauntless spirit and are bold in opening up new fields , they have first launched the first attack on the kurdish ice hallmark and successfully achieved another historic dream of mankind in the antarctic .
sun zhihui , director of the state oceanic administration , said :
the " report " shows that on 24 march 2005 , the 21 st antarctic expedition team of china successfully completed its mission and returned to shanghai . the survey lasted 151 days and covered 26,500 nautical miles .
on 18 november the same year , the 22 nd china antarctica inspection team left shanghai and went to the antarctic zhongshan station to conduct scientific research activities . it will leave the zhongshan station to return to shanghai via australia by the end of february 2006 .
because it was the first time china published its polar investigation report , the " 2005 china polar investigation report " also made a comprehensive survey of the chinese extreme exploration undertaking , which started in the early 1980 s .
according to the " report , " china formally joined the " antarctica treaty " in 1983 , becoming a member of the organization of the antarctic treaty , and successively becoming the member of the antarctic treaty consultative country , the council of the council of the council of the antarctic scientific research council , and other most influential member states of the international antarctic affairs .
in 1997 , china became a member of the arctic science committee and won the right to speak and make policy decisions in international polar affairs .
the " report " points out that in the past 20 - odd years , china 's extreme expedition has gone from bad to bad , constantly developed , and initial scuba acid has formed a trawl of the sanjiao north pole scientific research system , namely , the nankai city station established in february 1985 , the south pole center established in february 1989 , the north pole station established in july 2004 , and the beidou industrial station started to conduct an investigation
according to the " report , " by the end of 2005 , china has organized 22 scientific expeditions to the antarctic , two on - the - spot surveys of the arctic in northern pole , which are carrying the platform of snowlon , for two batch surveys of the arctic ocean pole . up to now , more than 3,000 people have visited the northwestern region to personally inspect the site .
at present , we are making preparations for the establishment of the third antarctic expedition station and also the first inland survey station in china .
sun zhihui said :
after more than 20 years of hard work , china 's polar exploration undertaking has taken a seat in the world , but it is still far from being a major superpower in other countries . we must look at it as if we still have a big gap .
he said .
sun zhihui disclosed that china will publish an annual report on polar investigation in the future .
castro meets chen zhili , stresses sino - cuban cooperation in science , education
havana , february 10 ( xinhua ) the cuban council of state president fidel castro met with visiting chinese state councilor chen zhili on the 10th . both sides expressed their willingness to continuously strengthen mutually beneficial cooperation in education , science and technology and other fields .
president castro warmly welcomed the visit of state councilor chen zhili to cuba .
he said : cuban - chinese relations are very friendly , with frequent high - level visits , and have effectively promoted and strengthened the friendship and mutual understanding between the two sides . he expressed the hope that the two countries will continue to deepen mutually beneficial cooperation in various fields , including education and science and technology .
chen said that cuba is a country with important influence in latin america and the caribbean region .
the friendly exchanges between the chinese and cuban peoples date back to ancient times .
cuba is the first latin american country to establish diplomatic relations with new china .
after entering the new century , with the concern and promotion of the leaders of the two countries , political mutual trust between the two countries has been deepening , the scope of cooperation has expanded constantly , mutual support and cooperation in international affairs , and sino - cuban friendly relations have entered a new period of comprehensive development .
she said she believed that with the joint efforts of both sides , sino - cuban friendly cooperation will certainly produce more fruitful results .
chen zhili also pointed out that the chinese government has always attached importance to exchanges and cooperation with cuba in the field of education .
in recent years , the two countries have conducted increasingly close educational exchanges and frequent personnel exchanges .
china actively supports the international meetings held by the cuban side and has sent delegations to attend the previous world higher education conferences and the 2005 wiping out of illiteracy .
cuba 's basic education is very high , and it hopes to further strengthen relevant experience exchanges in the future .
chen said that the two countries have had good cooperation in science and technology research and development , and that they can achieve mutual benefits and win - win through cooperation in various fields .
the chinese side has provided aid to some cuban research equipment and hopes to play a positive role in cuba 's scientific research and production .
she also briefed castro on china 's strategy of developing the country through science and education and the national science and technology gathering .
chen arrived in beijing on february 9 at the invitation of the cuban government , beginning his visit to cuba .
during the visit , chen zhili met with veseneo , minister of the cuban high school of education , and inspected the university of havana , the university of information science , the eisenthele [ name as transliterated ] , and the santa maria primary school .
oil spills in beijing , kazakhstan , south china
harbin , february 11 ( xinhua ) the united states and russia have decided to build a new highway at about 2300 hours on february 10 , a gas leakage in a gas tanker , which resulted in the closure of some sections of the road .
according to a briefing by the police officer of the traffic police unit of the shuangcheng city public security bureau , at about 2300 hours on 10 april , three car colliding occurred at 58 kilometers from the beijing - kazakhstan highway . a truck with a tanker and a tanker hit and crashed into the car . a cracks of the tanker was leaked , and the waste oil that was loaded on the road was flowing up to the road .
it is reported that the tanker loaded with waste oil that produced coke .
the waste oil is very high because it is very thicker and is afraid that there is danger of flames from vehicles in the past , and the departments concerned have closed the road at the scene of the accident .
harbin is closed to some roads in the two cities and many vehicles are bypassed .
at present , relevant departments are sorting out the site and the cause of the accident is under investigation .
hk paper on hk 's ' quadrangular ' 3 - mile delays in hk 's public market
hong kong , february 11 ( xinhua ) the project to be postponed by the company will be extended to the third italian company , the company of the lisbon 3 company , announced today .
huo jianning , general manager of the huanggang group , said that although hitch 3 italy has obtained approval from all relevant supervisory bodies on the market , it is necessary to complete the listing procedures within a few weeks and it is really too hurried to do so .
at the same time , the european telecom market is weak and the market may not be able to give italy a suitable market value at this moment .
in view of the greatest interest consideration for shareholders , the decision to postpone the listing of the shares .
as for when to be listed on the stock market , fok said that it would depend on the future trends of the european telecommunications market .
he said that from now to the time of another stock market , it is necessary for lisbon to conduct extensive investor education activities so that the global investment market will more clearly understand the current strong performance of italy 's ligantic prospects .
in addition , according to media reports , one of the italian mlapiter , goldman sachs , agreed to use 420 million euros to sell the shares of 103 percent of italy 's lucky stock in the form of private sales , and the transaction is expected to be completed by the end of march this year .
china , myanmar to further economic ties , trade ties
yangon , february 12 ( xinhua ) the chinese ambassador to myanmar , mike wumu , and economic and trade counselor tang hai , were interviewed by xinhua on the eve of myanmar prime minister 's china visit on the 14th . they said that the economic and trade relations between china and burma are now showing a good momentum of mutual benefit and reciprocal development in various forms .
ambassador tuomu said : in recent years , sino - burmese good - neighborly and friendly relations , which have been established on the basis of the five principles of peaceful coexistence , have been consolidated and developed , and exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been expanding and deepening , and the two countries ' economic and trade relations have been constantly expanding and strengthening .
tang jiaxuan , counselor of the chinese side , said that the exchange of visits between the two countries ' top leaders has effectively promoted the development of bilateral economic and trade cooperation .
during the exchange of high - level visits in 2004 , the two sides signed 33 documents on economic and trade cooperation , most of which are being implemented and implemented .
he said that the figure for 2004 was $ 11.4 - billion , and that for 2005 reached $ 12.09 - billion , of which $ 9.35 - billion was exports and $ 274 - billion were imports .
in bilateral trade last year , china 's trade with myanmar amounted to 6.33 - billion us dollars , up 14.6 percent from the previous year .
tang said myanmar has become the first chinese enterprise to undertake the project , and china has a major project in myanmar including the qilu bridge , the port of lucky , and the factory ( e.g. the wet mt of the sugar - coated mill , the weishi , etc. ) .
chinese enterprises have started their construction business in burma , which has brought along the export of various kinds of chinese mechanical and electrical products . burma has become one of the important markets for china 's complete sets of equipment and the export of mechanical and electrical products .
according to chinese customs statistics , in the past five to six years , the export volume of mechanical and electrical products has accounted for about 45.5 percent of china 's total exports to burma .
tang also said that myanmar has rich resources and chinese companies have started investing in burma 's oil - rich coalbed bronze mine and other resource development projects , and there is great potential for the development of sino - burmese economic and trade cooperation .
he expressed the hope that chinese enterprises will have a long - term view , learn to avoid risks , and carefully make decisions , and establish an enterprise image , so that they will definitely ensure quality and quantity for projects and work for the country .
ambassador tuu and counselor tang haihai both said : premier soe win 's upcoming official visit to china is a major event in bilateral relations this year , and is of great significance to promoting mutual political trust , promoting bilateral cooperation , and promoting the further development of sino - burmese good - neighborly and friendly relations .
it is expected that the two sides will sign several agreements on economic and trade cooperation during the visit .
world bank plans to reduce debt to poorest countries
moscow , february 11 ( xinhua ) world bank president wolfowitz said in moscow on the 11th that the world bank would completely relieve the debt of the poorest countries by the middle of this year .
wolfowitz held talks with chinese officials and finance ministers attending the g - 8 finance ministers meeting in moscow on the same day .
in a statement issued after the meeting , he said that the world bank would implement the debt relief scheme before 1 july this year , and that the world bank is doing all technical work .
last year , the world bank donors completely removed the debts owed by 28 countries and said they would fill the funds for the trust funds concerned .
the amount of creditor 's rights in the international monetary fund is relatively small , and the organization has started to reduce or waive its debts since the end of 2005 .
in addition , wolfowitz expressed his appreciation for russia 's decision to exempt 16 african countries from their debts .
the high - definition digital television is becoming the mainstream in the united states
new york , february 12 ( xinhua ) with the high resolution of the number of television sets ( lucky ) , the price of the us television stations has been declining and expanding , and the american television media have also stepped up to introduce a corresponding high - definition television programme .
the newly set - drawn us super coat rucksack has become the main channel for american broadcasting industry to greet the age of the high - definition television .
according to a financial times report a few days ago , the us congress recently passed a bill stipulating that american broadcasting industry must stop broadcasting the current simulated television signals on 17 february 2009 , and only send digital signals .
this means that the comprehensive digitization of the us tv program has a definite timetable .
the popularization of digital television on the one hand relies on consumers to purchase tv sets , but on the other hand , it depends on the production organization to provide high - resolution digital programs .
although digital television has been repeatedly mentioned in the past few years , it has never become a reality .
this problem has taken a turn for the better this year .
according to the us consumer electronics association 's forecast , the sales of digital television sets in the united states will exceed traditional television sets for the first time this year , while 85.0 % of digital television sets are high - resolution products .
japanese researchers develop new highly efficient human kidney
tokyo , february 13 ( xinhua ) japan 's east china university research personnel have developed a biological kidney , which is not only similar to human kidney , but also a case of retention of the virus in the united states , which is a small body and easily transplant .
according to a report by the nihon keizai shimbun , the newly developed biological man - made kidney is mainly composed of two parts , and some are transcript from the blood of the dxie waste and the trough of the ears . another part of the biometric acid is used to re - return to the blood 's kurking through the original water diameter and amido kisi .
the hacker hallmarks and the hacker 's dimer are made up of the central sky , and artificial urine is full of the inner side of the artificial urine , which is designed to dissolve the detrimental waste .
this type of skin cell can cause many blood - drilling analysis to make the disease even worse , the interrelated depression of the same breath is deformed into a hydrochloric acid and return to the ph , and at the same time can also bring the blood - weed blood and mineral products that are essential to their bodies back to the blood .
and in the past , the difference between the man - made kidney relying on seepage pressure on filter waste cannot completely be eliminated , and there is no need for the acid and other elements to return to the blood .
researchers used the sheep to carry out biological artificial kidney transplant experiments , and the use of pigs inside the center - space silk line of artificial kidney .
two weeks later , researchers confirmed that man - made kidney has been able to function .
currently they are developing biological human genes for using human neal cells and will be tested after testing their safety .
china 's power industry still faces severe challenges
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the state power supervision and control commission ( ssgc ) said on the 13th that although the overall situation of electricity safety in 2005 remains stable , the production safety of electricity still faces severe challenges .
shi yubo , vice chairman of the state power supervision and control commission , said at the fifth meeting of the national electric power production safety committee ( enlarged ) here that in 2005 , china 's electric power production safety is generally stable , and the task of ensuring electricity supply and electricity supply has been successfully fulfilled , while china has actively dealt with the invasion of natural disasters , and the power supply and power safety equipment production and general electric power network accidents have decreased substantially , and the level of electric power equipment
however , he pointed out that with the changes in the supply and demand situation of power supply and the successive operation of large numbers of newly built generating units , new challenges will be faced with in the production of electricity safety .
these challenges include the regional curtain - reducing shortage of electricity , and the supply and demand situation in some areas remains tight ;
with the reform of the power system deepening , many deep - seated contradictions will continue to be exposed , how to maintain the stability of the workers ' ranks , and ensure normal production order will become new problems facing us .
in view of the work of ensuring safe production of electricity in 2006 , shi yubo said : we should further consolidate the basic work of managing production safety in electric power , speed up the establishment and improvement of the mechanism for managing emergency emergencies in electric power , improve the capacity to cope with emergencies , strengthen coordination and cooperation in power supply networks , and jointly safeguard the safety of electricity supply systems , continue to do a good job in supervising and managing the work of building the dam , and
it is reported that in light of the new situation in the management of electric power safety , the electric power supervision and management committee will revise and perfect the " provisional regulations on investigating and dealing with electric power production accidents " which have been promulgated this year . at the same time , the related documents on the safety of the dam and the second system for protecting power plants will be issued successively to this year .
in 2005 , china 's entire society used electricity to reach 246.89 - billion kilowatt - hours , up 13.455.5 percent over the same period of last year .
in the face of the tight supply and demand situation in power supply and demand , the contradiction between coal , electricity , oil , and transportation is still conspicuous , various power enterprises have taken effective measures to strengthen equipment management , and there was no particularly large equipment accident in the whole country 's power production last year .
there were 74 power grid accidents , 127 accidents were reduced , 427 accidents involving equipment , and 132 accidents were reduced compared with the same period last year .
south african minister said south africa does not have any organization of criminal activities against chinese citizens
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the south african embassy in china ( mena ) has been working on a new type of bilateral relations , said minister of foreign affairs konare konen , who is here to attend the special interview by xinhua on wednesday .
he said the south african government will try its best to crack down on all forms of criminal activities .
the south african government hopes to lower the rate of crime to zero , hoping that every south african citizen working in south africa will have a better life and property safety , he said .
since 2006 , four chinese citizens have been killed in south africa , and the chinese world has expressed extensive concern over this .
the chinese foreign ministry has made representations to the south african side and reminded chinese citizens in south africa to further enhance their awareness of security and precautions , strengthen unity and friendship between the overseas chinese and the police in jointly cracking down on criminal activities .
let 's express the most sincere sympathy and condolences to the victims ' families .
fu kangning said : we are sorry for this and also want the chinese people to believe that the south african government is seriously investigating every case involving china .
according to the chinese embassy in south africa , the south african police have successfully solved the case of chen jianqing , a chinese woman , who was killed in south africa on 5 february . a suspect has been arrested .
police are hunting down another suspect .
according to the south african embassy in china , the criminal suspects involved in the shooting of hong kong businessmen in january have been arrested by the south african police and the victims ' property has been recovered .
speaking on the possible impact of the chinese citizens ' murder , kangning said that these incidents are indeed very important for the trade between the two countries and for trade between the two countries and for exchanges in other fields . however , from a long - term point of view , the effect of the fossil should not be too big .
according to the south african embassy tourism commissioner , the embassy has only sent a letter of apology to more than 2,000 chinese in the first 15 days of this year .
according to chinese official statistics , south africa will continue to maintain china 's largest trading partner in africa in 2005 .
the volume of bilateral trade reached $ 727 - billion , up 23.7 percent from the same period last year .
however , tourism figures believe that the continuous occurrence of the chinese citizens ' murder in 2004 has a significant impact on the number of chinese tourists visiting south africa .
according to statistics from the south african tourism administration , in the first half of 2005 , there were 20,331 chinese tourists visiting south africa , a decrease of 14.99 percent over the same period of last year .
currently , there are about 200,000 chinese living in south africa , and there are towns and villages in south africa .
analysts here believe that the south african gap between the rich and the poor , the high unemployment rate , and the spread of firearms have not been threatened by death , and the crime rate is in a high position .
many chinese do not understand english , and they have cash in their bodies and homes , and they are more likely to become targets of criminal elements ' plots to seek money .
hk promotes english learning and training in hk
hong kong , february 13 ( xinhua ) the hong kong special administrative region ( hksar ) government launched a new programme on march 13 to raise the english standard of more working people .
this english - language , rich in life , is a theme , including a series of publicity activities to promote english learning and training in workplace and to help employers understand how to help employees raise their english standards .
so far , the scheme has provided nearly 25,000 people with english training courses , enabling them to reach the relevant workplace english benchmarks .
hong kong 's english language campaign is launched in 2000 .
the campaign is one of the key projects to provide funding for workplace english training .
the scheme aims to help employees who need to use english in their work to undergo training and take part in designated international business english examinations to achieve the required standard of workplace english for their respective categories of work .
hebei 's aids testing and testing system has free - of - binding native chicks .
shijiazhuang , february 14 ( xinhua ) the hebei provincial health department recently formulated and issued the " hebei province voluntary consultation and inspection plan for aids " ( trial implementation ) , clearly stipulating that aids tests are free of charge , and hope to detect aids infected people and patients as much as possible , and to further implement the prevention and intervention measures and the policy of keeping the family of four beings out of the family .
the " plan " has defined the principles for hebei province 's voluntary consultation and inspection of aids , namely , the testing and consultation of aids antibodies , the voluntary examination and consultation agreement for aids antibody testing and consultation , the hiv antibody testing and consulting and keeping confidential , the assessment of the relevant behaviors of the consulting , the protection of the rights and interests of hiv carriers and aids patients , and the provision of relevant follow - up services for them .
the " plan " requires that aids consultation and testing centers be set up at places convenient for consulting users , and that for the protection of the selfish privacy of consultors , there should be an independent room , which can be provided for one - on - one consultation .
the choice of the consulting personnel should give full consideration to personal quality , knowledge - based face , and exchange capacity .
to protect the privacy of consulates , the testing and testing regulations can be registered with the code or number .
the " plan " also requires that the public health administrative departments at and above the county level publish in major local media the list of medical institutions and consulting telephones that are responsible for aids free - of - charge health services in their own areas , so as to facilitate the masses to understand the relevant information .
the ministry of public security still focused on supervision over extorting confession by torture .
beijing , february 14 ( xinhua ) the police will continue to conduct a public security work in a bid to improve the quality of the people 's lives , said zheng baigang , deputy director of the police inspector bureau of the ministry of public security , at a press conference held on the 14th .
the focus of the work of the supervisory departments is also to prevent the occurrence of these problems .
he also pointed out that some international organizations have no comprehensive knowledge of the law enforcement situation of the chinese police .
the latest information provided by the ministry of public security on 14 june shows that the ministry of public security issued in 2002 " regulations on filing device for public security organs for record retention measures " " in 2002 , thus guaranteeing the basic - level public security organs ' measures for applying interrogation measures in accordance with the law .
since 1997 , in order to go deep into the three items of control ( the imposition of torture ) , the authorities have issued a compulsory measure to control the abuse of guns and guard against misuse of force ) . in order to strengthen the supervision and control of firearms , public security organs across the country have persisted in going deep among police officers to the police , the police corps , and the public security supervisory and control centers at the grass - roots level , the law enforcement units have made
to prevent the occurrence of law enforcement at its source , the police inspectors have further extended the tentacles of law enforcement inspectors , increased the number of interrogations of 110 tentacles , 110 tentative tentative tentative tape , the number of penalties for public security penalties and the entry of information on motorcycles and horses .
hk paper on cross - strait relations , says sun yun - hsuan dies of illness in taipei
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) taipei vice chairman wu dawei , who was honorary chairman of the taiwan strait exchange foundation , was suffering from acute heart failure and bloodshed in the early hours of 15 february due to acute heart failure and bloody shock .
sun yun - hsuan was born on november 11 , 1913 in shandong , and graduated from the department of electrical machinery of the harbin industrial university .
it was a member of the 10 th to 13 th central committee of the kmt , a member of the standing committee of the 11th central committee , and a member of the presidium of the 14 th central committee appraisal committee .
he was once the head of taiwan 's transportation department , the minister of economy , the executive yuan , and others .
heilongjiang promotes ecological environmental impact assessment and countermeasures for the songhua river water pollution environment
harbin , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to cut the ice - melting period of the songhua river and to monitor and control pollution in the river 's ice - melting period and ice - melting .
this reporter learned from the heilongjiang provincial environmental protection bureau that the songhuagang river , which was organized by the state environmental protection administration , has a total of 15 special topics , including the ecological impact assessment and countermeasures for emergencies and the ecological assessment and countermeasures for the emergency environment assessment , and the comprehensive assessment of the pollution control project of the human health , which will be completed in three stages and will be completed by three stages .
currently , there are a total of more than 60 scientific research institutes in heilongjiang province , with more than 60 people undertaking 14 technical research projects .
according to sources , the environmental protection departments and related scientific research institutions will conduct research on five topics , namely , an assessment of the emergency environment and countermeasures for the incident , in an effort to solve the environmental problems that the masses are eager to care about .
these include the major control of the concentration of diameter and the forecast of the total discharge volume of pollutants from the country , the impact on the consumption safety of songhua river water on the two sides of the river , the scattered collection of water from the two sides of the strait , and the safety of underground water supply . the evaluation of the urban safety water supply and cleaning technology plan for cities , and research on the fragmentation and disintegration of the
the heilongjiang provincial environmental protection department will also intensify environmental supervision along the songhua river and strictly investigate and deal with environmental incidents that cause serious pollution by illegal discharge of pollutants and illegal construction .
heilongjiang will send environmental law enforcement personnel to supervise and guide various localities in comprehensively improving the environment of the small river basin and perfecting the environment management system of the alashi river , the weilan river , and other tributaries .
beijing university sets up memorial hall to mourn wang xuan
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the united states has decided to set up a 100 - year commemorative hall at beijing university , which is held on the morning of 15 february , after several days of intense arrangements , and several hundred people have come to offer condolences .
at 0800 hours , the opening hours of the hall was not yet open , and dozens of people outside the gate had already lined up for a long time .
this reporter held a forum at the memorial hall of the centenary of beijing university to mark the centenary of the great hall . the wall of the hall was hanging black horizontal scrolls : mourning the academician wang xuan .
the horizontal front is a huge portrait of wang xuan , which is more than 10 square meters . he is wearing a glasses , showing a smile , and having a confucian atmosphere .
the two sides of the portrait are several longbaishu , dozens of wreaths are divided by two sides .
one of the wreaths was written this way : it was a pair of the chimeng bridge built on tang 's brilliant chinese foundation , and was not given the lead lead and lead lead digital makeup .
in the hall , the atmosphere was very heavy .
among the people who mourned the memorial were the leaders of beijing university and the teachers and students , including wang xuan 's friends , bigwigs , their neighbors , and many people who were not familiar with him also rushed to the scene .
some of them held flowers with flowers , some carried flowers on them , and each of them held a light flower in their chest and slowly moved to the remains of wang xuan 's academician .
many people could not help but shed their tears .
he was once director of the state administration of cultural relics , and was a senior alumni of beijing university . he told this reporter that he was still working in henan more than a decade ago . he asked professor wang xuan to give a report on scientific and technological innovation to provincial party committee cadres .
the academician of kaixuan wang is a model for us to learn from him . he has made important contributions to the country and society , and the people will never forget him .
jin ruilin , professor at the beijing university law school , and wang xuan were old old friends with over 40 years old .
he was just discharged a few days ago and insisted on having a different conversation with his old friend today .
mr. jin wrote in his message that he could not suppress his pessimistic wounds and could not count the tears he had flown out on many occasions .
he told this reporter that professor wang xuan 's life was very frugal and he was already a professor at the tong fuyuan , and he had already achieved very high achievements , but he still lived in a small house for many years .
later he moved to the chengzai garden , where he lived in a place of 780 square meters , more than ten years .
beijing university gave him an academician building in the blue camp , a big house with over 140 square meters , he did not want , and he did not want to see a high - level housing provided by fangzheng building .
mr. jin recalled with deep reminder that during his trip abroad , wang xuan provided a very high treatment abroad for him , but he was all resolutely opposed to him .
when he insisted that he did not apply for an academician , it was the first time that mr. zhou peyuan had repeatedly mobilized his staff .
mr. jeffrey jim , who is deeply moved by his attitude toward nurturing young people , has repeatedly emphasized that he is still looking at what i have achieved , not to see me himself , but to cultivate young people .
mr. jin said , at the age of 50 , wang xuan started to pay attention to cultivating young people . he always emphasized that we should pave the way and be willing to be a human staircase and give way to young people .
this is a very successful scientist . it is very difficult to make a fun .
this reporter learned from the beida news center that from 09:00 hours on 15 february to 12:00 noon on 19 february , the memorial hall of academician wang xuan was open to the public every day , and was offered to offer condolences to people from all walks of life .
the chinese people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] , which is known as the contemporary era , the china academy of engineering [ cas ] academician wang xuan , third world cas academician of the chinese academy of engineering , died in beijing 's tongxun hospital on 13 february at 11:33 hours on a medical treatment due to illness .
npc , chilean parliament exchange mechanism established
wu bangguo attended the signing ceremony and signed the agreement .
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese government will continue to work with the chinese side to promote the development of sino - chilean relations , said wu bangguo , chairman of the standing committee of the national people 's congress ( npc ) , here today .
the exchange mechanism between the npc and the chilean parliament has been established .
it is reported that president of the chilean senate of parliament roso and speaker of the house of representatives arseno recently signed the agreement in santiago , the capital of chile .
according to the agreement , the two sides will establish a sino - chilean political dialogue and exchange mechanism in accordance with the principles laid down in the sino - chilean communique on the establishment of political dialogue between the two parliaments , and the establishment of a dialogue committee between the two sides will be held on a rotating basis in the two countries to jointly promote the comprehensive development of bilateral relations .
chilean ambassador to china klaus kaleiralea attended the signing ceremony .
china to promulgate regulations on protection of information network dissemination
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) china has a large number of websites to be reprinted by newspapers and magazines , and to increase their clashes , but many have not been authorized to pay tribute to the government for the charge , said wang zaiqiang , director of the copyright department of the state copyright bureau , at a press conference held by the state council information office on the 15th .
wang said : according to the current law , the work that has been published in newspapers and periodicals will not be used as a reference as long as the author does not make a declaration of using a locklapse , and at the same time , the state copyright bureau specially set a standard for reprinting the newspaper and periodical reprinted in accordance with the law .
however , according to the current law , the newspaper and periodical publishing houses enjoy this kind of legal license rights , and at present the internet does not enjoy the right to this kind of legal license .
according to relevant judicial interpretations made by the supreme people 's court , the method of using the press for the reprinting of statutory permits may apply to the internet , that the author does not make a statement on the use of small coupons , that the internet can not be used without a license , and that is to pay remuneration at the same time .
however , as there is no rule in judicial interpretations on remuneration standards , there is no need for the use of these works on the internet .
the report on the use of these short - cut works on the internet is applicable to legal permission , and it also requires defining the volume of the milk from the legal level .
wang ziqiang said : whether or not to make the issue fall within the scope of the law , and whether or not the regulations on protecting the right to disseminate information networks that have yet to be published this year are confirmed .
russian military says georgian parliament resolution not to affect russian peacekeeping operations
moscow , february 15 ( xinhua ) the russian defense ministry said here today that it is necessary to strengthen cooperation with the russian peacekeeping forces , and to ensure the safety of the russian troops in the near future .
the russian state duma ( lower house ) cis chairman kokohl expressed his views on the resolution of the georgian parliament on the russian peacekeeping forces on the same day , pointing out that this resolution by the georgian side will undermine the stability of the situation in the region and will have an unfavorable impact on russian relations .
he stressed that the georgian parliament resolution has further worsened the relations between russia and georgia .
he said : the accusations against russia by the georgian side are absurd .
the georgian parliament passed a resolution on the same day , asking russian peacekeeping troops to stop their peacekeeping operations in the southern ossetia , but the specific time limit for the withdrawal of russian peacekeeping troops was not set .
georgia parliament accuses russian peacekeeping personnel of not fulfilling their obligations and also considers the actions taken by russia in the conflict region as a trump in the territory of georgia .
the georgian parliament demanded that the government take positive actions to consider stationing international peacekeeping troops in the area of the conflict in the southern ossetia to replace the current peacekeeping operations in the region .
the georgian parliament also instructed the government to revise the relevant agreements on the russian peacekeeping personnel entering the conflict area .
the south ossetia is a autonomous state of georgia , bordering russia 's north ossetia republic .
after the breakup of the former soviet union , it declared independence on its own and was in a state of confrontation with the georgian central government for a long time .
at present , russia has a 500 - member peacekeeping camp in the region .
the unit was built on the basis of the 1992 russia - russia bigwig north ossetia larsk in the southern side of the bishop .
four persons in charge of the fire at the liaoyuan hospital will be charged with the crime of being held responsible for major accidents .
changchun , february 16 ( xinhua ) the central bank of liaoyuan city in jilin province has decided to set 11 persons responsible for the accident , among which 11 were responsible for the accident , and four were arrested by the hospital 's electrical work squad leader , zhang diankun , and four others on the charge of the major accident .
on 15 december 2005 , the largest hospital in liaoyuan city had a fire , and in the end , 39 people were killed .
in this fire , the fire area exceeded 5,000 square meters .
it is learned that this is the first large - scale disaster in the medical and health system nationwide since the founding of new china .
according to investigations , at about 1630 on the day of the incident , the liaoyuan city hospital suddenly stopped electricity . according to the hospital 's circuit design , if the power supply is suspended , the electric gates will automatically jump into the secondary gates and continue to maintain normal power supply at the hospital , but at that time the electric gates were not automatically cut off , and the electricity supply was forced by zhang diankun , the head of the electric work squad
the underground cable cable cable cable , which was smoked at that time , and the dozen or so cable cable were entangled with no sediment , and such cable should be placed in a very neat and placed in a fire - prevention mall .
therefore , the 57 - year - old leader of the electric installation team of the liaoyuan textile company , zhao yongchun , retired cadre ( senior engineer ) of the liaoyuan electrical industry bureau , sun fenglin , retired worker of the liaoyuan city hospital , and returned to the hiring of jin chengtai three of the workers on suspicion of a major accident , will also be prosecuted .
china 's first rural tourism tour in guizhou opens in tin lung
guiyang , february 16 ( xinhua ) guiyang , a county of pingba county in guizhou , is the largest in the world in the holiday season , with children wearing a festive mood of joy , said the local press here today .
at 10 : 30 am , after the five - gu year campaign ended , 80 - year - old old old zheng peqin , who was wearing a green long shirt , sounded the first chinese rural travel - guizhou tour .
tin lung tun village is a typical representative of the development of rural tourism in guizhou and a national village tourism demonstration site .
as the first - generation tuen mun army of the ming dynasty , the sembryo of the century has a history of more than 600 years .
here , we can see a large - scale , broad - mindedness blue long - sleeve coat , an ancient han culture and a beautiful city in tuen mun village .
it is learned that the tianlong village , relying on this cultural and traditional advantage , has developed rural cultural tourism since 2002 . in 2005 , the ticket revenue alone reached 3.8 - million yuan . in the whole village , there were more than 477 percent of the rural households who had participated in tourism by catering for the transport of tourism . the per capita income of peasants has increased from more than 1,300 yuan in 2002 to 2640 yuan in 2005 .
yang shengming , director of the guizhou provincial tourism administration , said that after the first tour of tianlong , castle , new hammer - new gump - shaped gump - shaped coin is still the main theme . various rural tourism activities launched in guizhou this year will reach 35 .
so far , more than 130 villages in guizhou have launched various rural tourism projects . by 2005 , more than 600,000 farmers in the whole province have extricated themselves from poverty through developing tourism .
in january , housing prices in 70 cities rose 5.5 percent in the country , and housing prices continued to decline .
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the national average price of chinese housing in 70 large and medium cities rose 5.5 percent in january , a drop of 0.7 percentage points from the previous month .
shanghai 's housing prices continued to decline .
the state development and reform commission , the state statistics bureau , released data on 16 july , showed that in the 70 large and medium - sized cities , the prices of housing sales were down from the same period last year , with the price of hohhot 's dalian rising by more than 10 percent , while the prices of shanghai 's housing sales continued to decline slightly , declining by 0.4 percent compared with the same period last year .
according to the same standards , shanghai 's housing prices rose by 19.1 percent in the first quarter of last year , and a change was seen later . in the second half of last year , a slight decline in sales prices was seen compared with the same period of last year .
in january this year , 70 large and medium - sized cities saw a 6.9 percent increase in housing prices , a 0.2 percentage point lower than the previous month .
the increase in new commodity housing was mainly due to the increase of 18.9 percent in dalian , the humble 14.770 percent in shenzhen , 10.1 percent in chengdu , 8.4 percent in beijing , and 3.1 percent in shanghai compared with the same period last year .
the organization department of the cpc central committee has called for further intensifying supervision over the work of selecting and appointing leading cadres and cadres .
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the central organization department recently printed and distributed opinions on strengthening cadre supervision .
the opinions called on organization departments at all levels to proceed from strict management and caring for cadres , to carry out cadre supervision permeate every link of cadre training , assessment , selection , appointment , and routine management , and establish and perfect a mechanism of supervision which has been seriously corrected in a timely fashion , so as to effectively strengthen supervision over the selection and appointment of leading cadres and cadres .
the opinions pointed out : the main task of the organization department in supervising cadres is to supervise leading bodies and leading cadres , with the focus on strengthening supervision over the leading bodies , and second , supervising the work of selecting and appointing party and government leading cadres ; and paying special attention to carrying out the " regulations on the work of selecting and appointing party and government leading cadres . "
in the supervision of leading bodies and leading cadres , the opinions expressed that we should unswervingly carry out education on ideals and convictions and on the work of combating corruption and promoting clean government , and should run education throughout the training , selection , and management of cadres , guide and supervise leading cadres to strengthen the party 's cultivation of party spirit , persist in building the party to serve the people , and build a solid ideological and moral defense line for resisting corruption and guarding against degeneration .
the cadres newly promoted should be honest and self - disciplined in their speeches on their work .
we should urge leading bodies at all levels to uphold democratic centralism , establish and perfect rules and procedures for making decisions on matters of deliberations , and conscientiously implement the system of combining collective leadership with individual division of work .
we should give prominence to the supervision of the leading bodies and the responsible persons of the organization ( personnel ) departments should often talk with the principal responsible persons of the lower - level leading bodies in an attempt to understand the situation in the ideological trick of talking and the work style of speaking on the lucky work .
establish and perfect a system of day - to - day management and supervision of leading cadres , regularly understand and analyze the ideological and work style of the contingent of leading cadres , and put forward opinions and measures for resolving problems .
the practice of a system of admonishment , admonition , and inquiry by leading cadres , when problems are found , the problems of unhealthy trends are admonished or admonished in a timely manner .
the leading cadres ' outstanding problems reported by the masses should be seriously investigated and understood , and should be criticized or educated by the specific circumstances or handled by the corresponding organizations , thus constituting a situation in which the discipline - inspection and law - enforcement organs are handed over to those who have violated the law and discipline - inspection and law - enforcement organs , and appropriate methods should be adopted to clarify those problems that have been found in the course of investigation .
at the same time , strengthening supervision is combined with encouraging cadres to boldly explore new ways and blaze new trails and pay attention to discovering and commending outstanding cadres .
the opinions demanded that organization ( personnel ) departments at all levels earnestly strengthen their supervision over the work of selecting and appointing party and government leading cadres .
further improve the system of nominating candidates for inspection , deliberating on plans for loiter discussions among cadres , and strictly ensure that the selection and appointment of cadres are handled in a satisfactory manner , so as to make sure that the cadres who are politically reliable in work and who are able to win the trust of the people can be selected and selected to leading posts at various levels .
we should strengthen the inspection of the implementation of the regulations on appointing cadres , strictly investigate and deal with acts that violate the regulations on appointing cadres , and resolutely check unhealthy trends and corrupt phenomena in employing cadres .
the practice of supervising and checking the use of people in serious violation of regulations and intensifying supervision , handling , and investigating cases .
establish and perfect a system of investigating and affixing responsibility for the work of selecting and appointing cadres , and scientifically define the responsibilities of each link in the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres according to the principle of equality of power and responsibility , clearly define the methods of investigation , and intensify the investigation and affixing of the responsibility .
and give full play to the role of the masses in supervising the work and establish and improve a mechanism for reporting the cases of the high - efficiency fertilizer .
give play to the role of media supervision and inform the media in good time about the work of selecting and appointing cadres and accept supervision by public opinion .
the opinions pointed out : we should further improve the mechanism for coordinating and coordinating cadre supervision work .
organization ( personnel ) departments should strengthen their cooperation with discipline inspection organs and establish a system of working closely with discipline inspection organs on the situation of improving the party 's work style and building a clean and honest government among the cadres concerned , so as to strengthen their supervision and joint force .
in conjunction with discipline inspection organs , they have done a good job in inspecting work , improved inspection methods , improved inspection systems , and improved the quality of inspection .
in conjunction with auditing organs , the auditing organs have seriously implemented the system of auditing leading cadres ' economic responsibilities .
the internal supervision mechanism for the work of selecting and appointing cadres in organization departments should be perfected .
taiwan authorities ' use of illegal investment in mainland china as a top - priority high - tech enterprise
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the taiwan authorities ' economic affairs department decided on the 15th to punish taiwan 's chip chip - hsuu [ name as transliterated ] electronic joint stock company limited ( lyse [ name as transliterated ] ) , nt $ 5 million , on the reason that it provided a sealed system to help taiwan build a ship - based technology company in the mainland .
taiwan 's chung - kuo shih - pao reported that this is chen shui - bian 's policy of opening up the cross - strait economic and trade policy that has been put in a positive control , and the taiwan authorities have imposed a fine on taiwan businessmen 's investment in the mainland .
according to reports , taiwan 's ministry of economy has listed some people to hire stock collectors , because they have violated the regulations governing relations between the people on both sides of the strait and penalized those engaged in investment or technological cooperation in the mainland .
in the future , the bull will also be used to make a comparison of the former chairman of the joint power company , cao xingcheng , and others .
the liupu electric power plant started in february 2005 . at that time , taiwan 's investigation and communications department used over 100 people to contend with several senior officials and their offices to conduct a surprise check , claiming that the united telecommunications company was suspected of providing illegal capital - technology and manpower resources for its investment in the mainland and technology in ships and ships .
cao xingcheng , who was then chairman of the board of lianhe electric co . , said in public that the united microelectronics did not violate any regulations of the taiwan authorities . the purpose of providing assistance to the company is to benefit from the long - term interests of the joint power company . if the united telecommunications company fails to enter the mainland market as soon as possible , it will lose business opportunities .
after that , the taiwan authorities ' financial supervisory and management committee of the locust decided to impose a fine of 3 - million new taiwan dollars on the united states for disclosure of commercial information .
on 9 january 2006 , the joint electronic management board accepted cao xingcheng 's resignation . cao xingcheng was suspected of engaging in unauthorized investment in the mainland several hours later .
the joint power company and taiwan manufacturing electric company ( called " chip " ) made lucky , and also called taiwan 's chip circuit [ chip ] shut [ chien chien ] , a two - wheel [ chien chien ] , a leading island 's hi - tech enterprise .
over the past year , the taiwan authorities have been subjected to a series of actions to investigate and handle the joint - stock network , and this has attracted great attention from various circles on the island .
2 nd year china 's macao blew in mind to introduce to chinese worldwide
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) china 's second term of loyd , the sports committee of the beijing cultural competition , announced here today that it will take chinese from around the world to collect the memoirs from macao , which are the main themes of the memoirs of our country .
the competition was jointly sponsored by the macao foundation and the baihua literature publishing house , " " the wen hai edition , " and by chen jiangong , vice chairman of the chinese writers association .
in 2004 , on the occasion of the fifth anniversary of macao 's return to the motherland , the first loosening of the macao pine festival was held , and the enthusiasts at home and abroad responded positively , and the organizing committee received more than 8,000 entries , and more than ten award winners at home and abroad were invited to the macao special administrative region .
wu chih - liang , executive member of the macao foundation , told a press conference on 17 july that last year , the historical city of macao was listed in the world cultural heritage list . this not only meant that the life style and the management model of the communities of macao people have been affirmed by the people in macao for a long time , but also meant that the cultural tradition of the chinese nation 's different colors of friendship has been passed on and developed in the macao sar . the macao sar
wu said that it was precisely under such a good cultural atmosphere that the macao foundation and the baihua literature publishing house decided to cooperate again in holding the second year of the mlangniu festival in the hearts of me , hoping that participants would show their patriotic and australian sentiments through their works and show the unique cultural interest and the sar 's stability and prosperity in the new century .
according to presentations , the " handbook on the foreign edition of the song " will open a special column on 1 september this year to select works for the competition .
after the results of the selection are announced , the macao special administrative region will hold a ceremony to award the selected candidates in early 2007 .
shandong has successfully implemented a heart transplant operation for infant infants
jinan , february 17 ( xinhua ) the jinan military region ( jinan military region ) has successfully implemented a health - related heart transplant operation for infant children in the near future .
on the 17th , this reporter saw in the intensive care room that the baby after 51 days was full of face and that all monitoring and inspection indicators were normal , and the operation was in danger period of calmness . she was playing with joy the toys that the medical personnel bought for him .
according to the doctor who received the consultation on the same day , this child from t'an rural area in shandong was sent to the hospital by his parents , and the whole body was purple and had difficulty breathing . after checking and diagnosing the diagnosis of dianonymity disease , she had to undergo heart transplant .
heart transplant operations are the most difficult and most difficult heart risk in the heart surgery .
particularly , the baby girl 's heart transplant surgery is still blank in china .
the jinan military region 's research institute of cardiovascular disease has organized experts throughout the night to repeatedly verify the results , carefully design an operation and a plan for post - control protection , and made independent innovations in the method of blood pipe coalescing and coherence , and conducted animal experiments .
at 0800 hours on 28 december 2005 , the operation was formally started .
the patient was a young man who was suffering from the disease of pregenial lung and had a sudden heart - breaking death .
the operation should be coincidental to the six blood pipes , sewing more than 510 needles , and each needle is not more than 3 millimeters .
after 295 minutes , the operation was a complete success .
state administration of safety supervision : there are many extraordinarily serious accidents in the course of checking coal mines and other extraordinarily serious accidents .
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) four incidents of people suffering from one difficulty or more have occurred in beijing in the past year , with the grim situation in the production safety situation in china over the past year has made the number of major and exceptionally serious accidents such as the " mine containment " case even known as the top priority in the work of monitoring the mine this year .
the reporter learned from the state administration of safe production on 17 july that it is necessary to really check the frequent occurrence of extraordinarily serious accidents , such as mine accidents , and that the coal mine is the most important thing .
the state administration of safety in coal mines will do a good job in the following three tasks :
humble continues to fight the tough battle of tackling gas .
the vanas administration this year will focus on the first spot after drawing the ball .
if the gaowati mine is not used to draw a bumper , it must order it to immediately stop production according to law .
humble continues to fight a battle of tackling tough problems in rectifying and closing down .
we should make the 5243 which have been made public to the public , and the more than 700 coal pits recently reported to the local authorities , one of them is closed to death .
we should regard closing down those that cause damage to the environment and fail to produce safety conditions as regular work .
prc : qianxian strengthens management of coal mine safety foundation
we should immediately correct the practice of curbing the slope of a small number of small mines that are in a state - owned mine management slope and are in a state - owned mine management chaotic condition , and establish a standardized safety management system .
in particular , we must grasp key state - owned coal mines and absolutely not allow superlative capacity to overturn the production of supernumerable ones .
this year 's production safety control index requires that the number of people killed in all types of accidents across the country dropped by 3 percent compared with last year , with coal mines down by 3.5 percent .
the exceptionally serious accidents that killed more than 10 people should have dropped by 5 percent , of which the coal mine has dropped by 7percent .
these control targets have been issued to the provincial - level people 's governments , and various localities are carrying out their plans at various levels and at the grass - roots level .
statistics show that in 2005 , 5986 miners were killed in coal mine accidents , a decrease of 0.77 percent compared with the same period last year .
however , the number of extraordinarily serious accidents that have occurred in the past 10 people has risen , and the number of victims has increased 66.6 percent compared with the same period last year .
barroso calls for more cooperation in kosovo 's future status talks
belgrade , february 17 ( xinhua ) pristina , the largest european union ( eu ) member state , said here today that the european commission ( ec ) hopes to see the parties concerned to hold talks on kosovo 's status in the future and create a democratic and multi - ethnic context for the final establishment of a democratic and multi - ethnic integration .
barroso met with president of the provisional authority of cote d'ivoire serbia on the same day , and other representatives of the serbs in kosovo , respectively , and told the media that the parties concerned in kosovo should adopt a tolerant attitude to establish a democratic and multi - ethnic plurality and that only kosovo , which respects the government 's ruling power and protects the rights and interests of ethnic minorities , was approved by the international community .
he also stressed that the european commission will do its best to help kosovo develop .
barroso also expressed appreciation for kosovo 's current efforts to implement the eight standards set by the united nations for the implementation of the eight standards in the process of kosovo 's democratic development .
he said that the implementation of these standards is a key factor affecting the integration of kosovo and europe .
he also called on all serbs in kosovo to join various institutions in kosovo , and to make efforts to bring about democracy and the integration of nations in kosovo .
barroso arrived in pristina on the same day for a one - day visit .
prior to this , barroso visited croatia and serbia . he will also visit macedonia and bosnia - herzegovina .
( winter olympics , stimulant news analysis : the dispatch of the list of children may not be a complete success .
dulingling , february 17 ( xinhua ) the incident of assigning a list of children may not be settled
xinhua news agency , beijing , march 6 , by wire
although italy has repeatedly said that the turin winter olympic games was unearthed by athletes who used stimulant agent during the turin winter games , they may face jail disaster . however , judging from various circumstances , such a situation is not likely to occur in the main player of the first winter olympics , the main player , the russian bronze ballet , which is the first set up scandal .
the turin winter olympic games opened on the 16th , the first stimulant scandal since the opening of the games . o. leila police station was found to have used a number of drug - free cards .
the next day , the international olympic committee announced that the dispatch of legena had been exited from the winter olympics , and her 15 - kilometer silver medal in the winter olympics games had been deprived of her .
the international winter 2 league made a decision on the same day to send embraces for two years .
the international olympic committee has always stipulated that athletes have been discovered to use stimulant doping in the olympic games and will be deprived of their qualification for the competition but will not be subject to legal sanctions .
however , according to italian law , athletes carrying and using stimulants are criminal activities , and the judicial organs have the right to directly arrest and investigate athletes who use stimulants , and those who try to defy the law will still face imprisonment ranging from three months to three years .
in december last year , the ioc and the italian government , after a year of bumper price repayments , finally reached an agreement . both sides agreed to handle the use of stimulant by athletes in accordance with the italian law during the winter olympics .
with the unremitting efforts of the international olympic committee , the italian side made a concession four days before the winter olympics opening , promising that police would not enter the olympic village to search the athlete 's place during the winter olympics games , but the drug - oriented athletes would still be investigated by italian prosecutors .
it is reported that the italian government oversees the duinling winter olympics , perez , who has handed over to duingrad 's prosecutor for the case .
however , the ioc and perry himself have not yet confirmed the matter .
russian teammate andria mitoov disclosed on the afternoon of 17 july that the dispatch of albums had left duinling and returned to china .
he had served in the world anti - doping agency for many years , chinese sports official shi kangcheng said that once a list of vendors returned to china , it would be possible that this incident could not be settled for many years .
shi said the ioc and the italian government have been playing a positive role in the winter olympics , but they have not yet solved the problem even if the italian prosecutors really intervened in this matter .
according to the previous incident of italian athletes using stimulant , the banned are subject to the maximum penalty for the illegal ones , but they are also a two - year imprisonment buffer period for execution of the penalty .
therefore , senior correspondent pierre of the italian antha society said that the possibility of sending liubi to prison is very small , and the highest is a fine .
pierre also said that although the italian court could have a absence of a trial , italian police could not get a large number of pupils abroad to get back and take them to justice .
if a levy refuses to accept the ruling , the italian side will have no way to do it .
roundup : new epidemic spots continue to show strict precautions against the spread of the disease
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 18 - - - according to a report by xinhua 's overseas correspondent , bird flu has spread further in the african continent .
the world health organization confirmed on the 17th that three areas in egypt have found bird flu virus dead .
in europe , france also discovered for the first time a five - bird flu virus , while european countries were on high alert and strengthened their prevention measures .
the who 's east china sea advisor , hassan bush , told the press on the 17th that currently there are still no more than 100 human cases of bird flu virus in three areas in cairo , cairo in central egypt , and mingya in the south , and relevant departments of the egyptian government have already started slaughtering of suspected bird flu - like poultry .
egypt is the second country in the middle east and north africa , which is the main channel for migration of birds from migratory birds , experts said .
egypt has announced the ban on importing live poultry from abroad and the strengthening of quarantine at border control points .
the chinese government has decided to set up a farm in the country 's southern province of banda , where more than 800 chickens have died in the past week .
cameroon has decided to temporarily suspend all poultry imports from nigeria , which has been hit by the bird flu epidemic , and suspend all poultry and related products on the two countries ' borders .
the government of the cameroon government has also set up a nationwide epidemic monitoring network within a short period of time , and the bashir center and the national veterinary laboratory have also urgently awaited orders to carry out tests on the entire virus covering the country at any time .
in europe , denmark and sweden , the preliminary outbreak of the disease was eliminated on the 17th .
the veterinary institute of sweden issued a report on wednesday on the dead swans found in sweden , indicating that swedish swans had no bird flu virus .
the preliminary laboratory results of the danish state veterinary administration also showed that 30 dead swans were found in denmark recently without any bird flu virus .
however , the agriculture department said denmark still cannot take it lightly .
the country 's total number of bird flu - hit areas has increased by about 1 million since the beginning of this year , according to the world health organization ( who ) experts in romania , nine bird flu - hit areas in eastern europe , on the 17th , bird flu has been reported in bucharest , and it is necessary to take seriously this situation , and romania may continue to be threatened by bird flu in the next three or five years .
in bangladesh , the government has taken all necessary measures to prevent avian flu .
the government livestock services bureau ( cda ) has provided relevant officials with books on avian influenza prevention and has also organized poultry farmers to train .
china 's first blood sharing management system to be established in zhejiang
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the first chinese blood sharing data management network in china has been officially established and put into use recently at the center , according to the zhejiang provincial blood center .
a relevant responsible person of the zhejiang provincial blood center said : this means that in the future , any citizen will take part in free blood donations at any county ( city ) in zhejiang province ( city ) to take part in free blood donations . there will be a unique code record . when he makes a contribution , as long as he gets relevant records of the class , personal data series , blood donations , and blood donations , can immediately show whether he can attend this time to the
the responsible person further explained that if the relevant code records are used to show the insolvency victims have not yet arrived in the interval period , they will show that they do not comply with the conditions for blood donations .
this will not only protect the health of the blood donors themselves , but also effectively protect the health and safety of the people using blood .
in addition , when blood is strained , the heeding and their families have priority to use blood . if you have the valid documents for the blood donors , you can immediately show the blood donors ' information , which is quite convenient .
according to a report in hangzhou 's " today morning post , " the information system has now been put into use in all 36 blood - supplying organizations across the province . the blood resources of all blood - supplying organizations in the province can also be displayed in real time and data sharing across the province has been shared .
to prevent another landslide in the philippines , 11 villages in the philippines urgently withdrew
manila , february 18 ( xinhua ) the philippines has a population of 1-3 - million , a record of 1-3 - million , and the number of villages in the eastern philippines has increased by 2-3 - million , according to local officials .
russell leita , an official from south lilitea province , said that these villages had a similar situation with villages on the 17th , which had a landslide on the same region .
the 11 villages that have been withdrawn will be placed in seven evacuation centers .
lyas said : the government ordered residents to withdraw from the area yesterday and sent people to inspect these villages today because some people do not want to leave their homes .
the incident of landslide on the 17th occurred in a mountain in a village in saint - bell town in southern south laitte province . from the television picture , the soil and rocks have already buried the entire village , and only a few houses can be seen .
due to the very thick and humidity of the mud , people who are buried under them can survive very insignificant hopes .
at present , 109 people have been killed and 57 others have been rescued .
according to estimates , the number of deaths caused by the accident may reach as high as 1,800 .
fujian governor on overseas chinese , chinese overseas chinese export volume up 35.2 percent in first quarter of this year
fuzhou , february 19 ( xinhua ) the city 's exports continued to grow at a high speed in january this year , according to the report .
according to customs statistics , in january , quanzhou realized exports of 330 - million us dollars , the best record in history , up 35.2 percent over the same period of last year , higher than the average growth rate in the whole province .
according to analysis by quanzhou city foreign trade bureau , the reason for quanzhou 's foreign trade growth in january was due to the rapid growth of exports , which was mainly due to the influence of quanzhou 's several measures for supporting foreign trade . the enterprises ' export enthusiasm was rising , quanzhou 's economic operation was brisk , enterprise operational confidence was strengthened , and a highly efficient and smooth foreign trade development environment was created .
