the number of the two mobile computers which were found to be stolen from princess diana 's investigation
london , june 6 , 2007
the daily london daily reported that two computers with diana 's death toll in paris in 1997 were found to have been used by the former metropolitan police chief .
the report pointed out that the theft case triggered speculation that the computer may have a computer containing a computer containing a computer containing a mastery of sir stinson , former chief of the police force .
however , a spokesman for the metropolitan police station said that there was no sensitive information in the computer or the information relating to the investigation .
sir steinson is a member of the northwestinge police station in england , and his office is in the area of new hamburg in tai .
the report said that the police officers of the novosibirsk police bureau had been tracking two stolen cases for the past 10 days .
the first round of the weekend holidays , including computers and cash , were taken away from january 28 to 29 , and the second theft occurred last week , with no losses .
the police authorities also said that there was no evidence to prove that the two theft cases and the work of sir stenturen .
stilllllisheng has been tracking down the cause of the death of princess wales because of the accident .
the royal corpse corpse corpse officer brookings ordered a further investigation of the evidence in 2004 .
princess diana was born in a tunnel accident in paris on august 31 , 1997 , when she was killed with her , and her wife fahd and driver were also killed .
after two years of investigation , the french police believed that the accident was caused by a driver 's drink driving and drug - taking drive , resulting in a tragedy in the car 's car crash .
sri lanka 's war negotiators agreed to hold talks in geneva in late june
afp , lun bo , 7 th .
norway , which mediates the peace process , said that sri lanka 's belgian militants agreed to hold talks in geneva , switzerland , on 22 june to resolve the conflict of ethnic bloodshed which has lasted for decades , but has remained in a stalemate for three years .
norwegian special envoy for peace som held talks with the tiger organization of the liberation of the tamil alan , after meeting with barkhan , the negotiator .
the norwegian embassy in china said in a statement that the government and the government of the republic of tanzania had a dispute with the tiger liberation tiger in the country , requesting the norwegian government to help hold talks in geneva on february 22 .
the two - day talks will focus on how to strengthen the cease - fire agreement that took effect on 23 february 2002 , and this agreement has never been fully observed by both sides .
the norwegian embassy said that the two sides will discuss ways to improve the implementation of the cease - fire agreement , which is the first time in three years that the two sides have held face - to - face talks at such a high level .
slocombe said that he will lead the norwegian team to participate in the negotiations , and the four representatives from the tiger liberation tiger organization , the balaykhan team , and the sri lanka government is led by minister of health .
he said : this is a small step toward the road of peace , but it is expected that the process of negotiations will be arduous .
the first face - to - face negotiations for the settlement of the ethnic conflict in sri lanka were held in japan in march 2003 , but the tamil tiger organization cancelled the seventh round of negotiations scheduled for april 2003 in thailand .
south korean team to join hands in the winter olympics
yidanamo , 10 th .
the 20 th winter olympic games opened in dulin today , and the south and north korea , which were each enemy during the cold war , were joining hands at the ceremony .
south korean women 's racer for speed skating , lee po - la , and south korean man 's flower skating competitor han cheng - jen , respectively served as the head of the two countries ' representative teams , leading south korea 's team to enter the winter olympic games .
this is the olympic team of south korea and north korea , and the first time it is in the winter olympics .
to reflect the efforts of both sides to build up the spirit of unity in recent years , the olympic games in sydney in summer 2000 and the summer olympics in athens in 2004 both south korea and north korea 's representative teams were admitted together .
north korea has not participated in the 19 th winter olympics held in salt lake city , the united states .
the korean peninsula was split into a capitalist south korean and communist party in 1948 . both sides held a summit in the korean war from 1950 to 1953 .
south korean leaders held a peace summit in 2000 , and bilateral relations improved .
the greek team is the first country to enter the world cup , with a total of 80 countries participating in the competition , the 22 nd north korea is the 23 rd country .
the landlord , the national assembly of italy , is the last country to enter the stadium . when the italian team entered the stadium , a warm cheering and applause broke out at once .
hovman had a refined drug and was glad to see the success of the grand cause of performing arts in a timely manner
new york , 16th ( afp )
it is generally acknowledged that it is most hopeful that the emperor of oscars will win this year 's auspicious emperor . the male player , the favorite of the cold blood , the philippine cyprus , mohovan , revealed that he had been unbearably in the drug and wine years , and that he could not get out of the drug and wine when he was little , and that he was fortunate that later he was able to successfully set
in an interview with the columbia broadcasting magazine , howman said that the period of time was a period of time when he was trying to get drugs and wine .
he only came out of the 20 th time , graduated from the college of american drama department , and entered a society of opiates . he quickly turned around every day in his daily life , and finally became so nervous that he could lose control .
he entered the eradication center in the 22 year old , and he was alive from the habit of drinking and drug trafficking , and that was the most panic period in his life .
the upcoming oscar awards presentation ceremony will be held next month , hovman said the role of american writer cote bodi as a film of the great emperor : the cool blood has been given the prize , which is considered the most hopeful to win the best male domino award .
before this , his superb skill had been affirmed and had won many awards , including a gold medal , the best male player .
the 38 - year - old actress said during the interview that if they were not determined to mend their habit before becoming famous , they might not be nominated by oscar .
he said he admired the young people who were 19 years old , suddenly became many famous and dusty .
bird flu traces four european , nigerian pandemic
brussels , june 16 , 2007
the traces of the bird flu virus are constantly emerging in europe , causing panic among the people .
eu commission approves new set of cuts control to reduce the regions of the countries where the virus is found to be found to be managed by the commission , and prohibits the delivery of all birds from the world .
the world 's largest oil producer , the largest in the world , has been growing to a higher level since the outbreak of the virus , and there are signs that the disease has been passed the northern border to niger .
egyptian officials are investigating a sudden outbreak of chicken farm in south egypt , worrying that the virus might continue to spread .
the european chicken and meat markets have been affected by the virus , and a big decline has been made . the european commission stressed that there is no reason for panic .
the executive committee is responsible for the health and food safety executive committee , mr peter peter peter said that people are concerned about the matter , which is understandable but not over - reacting .
following the previous virus discovery , the three - kilometer peripheral protection area and the 10 - km alert zone , the european commission has also issued new regulations to list all the european regions where the virus is found as a bucket of the curfew area .
a eu official who declined to be named pointed out that everyone was nervous and that they were handling the issue of the spread of the disease from various european countries a day to evening , suspected of having broken the epidemic .
so far , there are a total of austria 's scottish republic , and the greek , the republic of romania , and russia 's territorial land in europe , have all appeared on the list of 5th viruses , almost all of which are found in the wild .
romania found the 31 st patient on the 16 th , with a total of 31st cases in slovenia , austria , and the ruugen island of germany .
in southern italy , two ducks were found to have avian influenza virus , the first wild swans in europe , and the bio of the virus .
the eu officials are most concerned about the migratory birds that are about to fly back from africa .
the nigerian government is strengthening its work to prevent the spread of the virus in the african continent to humans .
the nigerian government announced that all the five - kilometer bird flu vaccine in the area near the infected farm will be destroyed without any virus threat .
the government of neighboring countries announced that the country had entered the state of alert and allocated $ 4 million for emergency plans to monitor and control the borders of nigeria and nigeria .
the newly established national emergency committee said that they received notification that , in the border marina , which is a border between the two countries , nearly 400 birds died .
china 's electronic banking business management new regulations will come into effect on 1 march .
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to impose a new set of regulations on the banking sector , according to a report recently issued by the china banking regulatory commission , which will be published on march 1 , 2006 .
a spokesman for the cbrc said that according to the management procedures , the methods for examination and approval of foreign financial institutions have basically not changed , that is , after foreign banks have been allowed to operate online banking businesses , if the new internet banking business varieties are to be added , the main report of the branch in china should be submitted to the higher authorities for examination .
to standardize commercial banks ' banking business through the internet , the people 's bank of china formulated and promulgated the " interim procedures for managing the business of internet banking in june 2001 . "
a spokesman for the banking regulatory commission said that with the continuous development of the electronic banking business of commercial banks , the interim procedures are no longer able to meet the requirements of monitoring the risks of electronic banking .
according to a spokesman of the banking regulatory commission , the cbrc has affirmed the quality of its safety assessment institutions , and is not an assessment organization 's conduct of the business of conducting the electronic banking security assessment business , but only a financial institution 's reference when it chose to conduct the assessment .
as long as the safety assessment institutions meet the relevant requirements and requirements , even if they have not been determined by the quality of the banking regulatory commission , they can also employ them to conduct an assessment of the security of the electronic banking industry , but they should manage them according to relevant regulations .
the " procedures for managing the business of electronic banking " consists of nine chapters and 99 articles , which are divided into total application and the change of risk management , and the transfer of foreign investment , which is the management of cross - border business activities , including the management of legal responsibility and the supplementary provisions .
the " guidelines for assessing the safety of banks " consists of 57 articles in five chapters , which are divided into general assessment of safety in the implementation of safety assessment activities and the supplementary provisions .
" mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , chen yun , investigation and research " published
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the " mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , deng xiaoping , and chen yun , " compiled by the central party literature research center , has recently been published and distributed by the central party literature publishing house .
we should carry out investigation and study in depth , persist in integrating theory with practice , and formulate and implement correct lines , principles , and policies in this regard are the basic experiences and basic work methods of the cpc in leading the revolution and reform .
mao zedong 's zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , and other revolutionaries of the older generation , including deng xiaoping , had made many important and brilliant expositions on the investigation and research issue , and they often went deep into the grass - roots level to personally conduct social surveys and wrote many investigation reports .
they have made great contributions to guiding the cause of the party and the people in advancing along the correct path .
" mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , chen yun , investigation and study " is divided into three parts : the first part is the rebuff of the argument by mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation on investigation and research , the second part of the article by mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation on investigation and study , and the third part was the three investigation groups ordered by mao zedong in the early 1960
most of these reports were published in public for the first time .
in addition , there are two articles on the investigation and study of the central leaders in the 1950s and 1960s of the last century .
russia reiterates one - china policy
moscow , february 6 ( xinhua ) russian deputy foreign minister alexander aliyev reiterated on the 6th that russia adheres to the one - china stand while meeting with chinese ambassador to russia liu guchang .
alekseyev said that russia has noticed chen shui - bian 's recent remarks on taiwan independence .
the russian government has always adhered to the one - china principle , and firmly supported china 's efforts to realize the great cause of national reunification .
last year , the chinese national people 's congress passed the " anti - secession law , " and russia took the lead in publicly expressing its support .
alekseyev said that the russian foreign ministry will issue a statement as soon as possible to reiterate the one - china stand and oppose taiwan independence .
china , japan to join hands in south africa : chinese official
johannesburg , february 6 ( xinhua ) the chinese people 's association for friendship with foreign countries ( cpv ) has made great efforts to promote the development of the relations between the two countries , said lin yixing , chinese vice - president of the fujian provincial government .
according to feng yang , president of the chinese people 's federation of free states , the incident occurred in the city of welkovm , which is more than 130 kilometers northwest of burundi .
at that time , the owner of the shop , lin yixing , picked up the goods inside the building and prepared to end a day of business .
at that time , three customers were also present at the shop , one of them was thrown out of a pistol and charged into the station to carry out robbery .
lin yixing , who is more than 40 years old , fought with the lawless elements and fired a shot at lin yixing , and fled afterwards .
the local people who had come to the scene to send lin yixing to the hospital for treatment , because lin yixing 's body had a full - length , thick seepage , and blood had not stopped , he died at around 3 : 30 a. m . on february 6 .
on 6 february , the chinese consulate general in jorge xu defu and the south african association of chinese people 's association of fujian , lin changming , vice president of the association of chinese - south africa 's chinese - fujian fellow , drove to burundi to help the family members of the deceased to deal with the aftermath of the incident .
lin yixing became the first man of the chinese people who was shot and killed by the bandits in 36 hours , and at the same time was also the fourth chinese who died in south africa since the beginning of this year .
( newspaper clippings ) shanghai : part - time staff and college graduates become the mainstay of the hours of work
beijing , february 7 ( xinhua ) the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau announced on the 6th the latest monthly wages for workers in 2006 , which stood at 120 , an increase of 11 as compared with the previous one , and 120 of the original jobs were on the decline .
according to an estimate by a relevant expert from the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau , shanghai 's employees have already exceeded 1 million .
according to a report in china youth daily , college graduates and part - time workers are the major components of the workforce .
through the direct investigation of nearly 8,000 hours of work , more than half of the people are part - time workers , with a share of 51.1 percent .
the cultural level of part - time workers is generally relatively high , mainly for the work of relatively strong technical skills , such as translation jobs , the proportion of part - time workers , as high as 81.7 % , and the number of fitness workers is 61.6 % .
high income is a major reason for many people to work at the same time .
it is understood that the monthly income of individual posts can reach tens of thousands of yuan , and it will be difficult to find it hard to translate it , and the monthly income of job posts can be more than 2,000 yuan , such as part - time treasury bonds .
to satisfy their personal interest and to expand their knowledge is also a major reason for their part - time work .
for example , in a certain enterprise , mr. gu , who is the manager of the human resources department , will take a few hours a week to handle the financial accounts of a foreign representative office .
mr koo said that the biggest benefit for part - time jobs was to keep up his knowledge and to involve another area , of course , the income of 2000 yuan per month also had a certain amount of induction .
as some hours of work are low in employment , and their work forms are flexible and free , they are gradually favored by many graduates who are currently seeking jobs , and 14percent of them are graduates of tertiary and secondary schools who have been in employment for nearly three years .
at the beginning i did not want to work for an hour , but after doing a few months , i felt it was better than the nine nights to work .
after graduating from college students , xiao huang 's job was not satisfactory . finally , he hung up a famous guesthouse and played a background music with piano .
i am quite satisfied with the current work , and i am 100 yuan per hour , and my environment is good . what i want to do now is to find a few hours more .
it is understood that an hour job has become a job experience of some graduates who are currently in the job - seeking process , and have enhanced their skills in communication , thus increasing their social visualization .
the graduates are mainly engaged in the work of making their jobs more knowledge and skilled , such as highly professional translator posts , strong epochal and performing arts , with a share of 22.1 % and 26.8 % respectively .
some of the jobs are not high , such as food promoters , cashiers , and unemployed personnel can be appointed through simple training .
the number of employees in the industry is 39-7 percent , with the number of employees in the retail sector as high as 68.4 percent , and the proportion of food and beverage in the total number of unemployed workers has become an important channel for employment for the unemployed .
wu bangguo inspects anhui
beijing , february 8 ( xinhua ) the political bureau standing committee of the cpc central committee and the national people 's congress ( npc ) standing committee , wu bangguo , chairman of the standing committee of the national people 's congress , recently inspected anhui province , stressing that it is necessary to take the scientific development concept as the guide , persist in taking the overall economic and social development situation as the guide , take local realities into consideration , seriously implement the central authorities ' principles and policies , further emancipate the mind , and
from 6 to 8 february , wu bangguo went to wuhu , wuhu , and other places in maanshan to inspect rural research institutes and institutes of higher learning .
wu bangguo pointed out : anhui has the advantages of linking zongqi and lianxi to the north , and is an important agricultural region in china with rich natural resources , a relatively good industrial foundation , a strong scientific and educational strength , and a strong cultural and tourism resources with unique natural resources .
anhui should firmly seize the important opportunity of promoting the rise of central china , unswervingly persist in economic construction as the central task , conscientiously implement the central authorities ' principles and policies in close connection with anhui 's actual conditions , creatively carry out work , and implement the scientific development concept in concrete measures and in practical work .
we should sum up practical experience in a timely manner , fully rely on the masses of the people , vigorously support reform and innovation , and constantly open up new prospects for anhui work .
we should actively promote the building of a harmonious society , and persist in properly safeguarding the fundamental interests of the greatest majority of the people as the starting point and goal of all our work , actively create conditions , and gradually resolve the practical problems of the masses in difficulty , gradually readjust the distribution relations between urban and rural areas , gradually narrow the gap , safeguard and realize social justice , so that the entire people can share the fruits of reform and development .
wu bangguo stressed : china has reached a stage where it is necessary to rely more on strengthening its ability to make innovations on its own and improving the quality of its workers to promote economic and social development . only by vigorously promoting scientific and technological progress and innovation can we bring about a leap in the quality of the productive forces and promote economic and social development in a down - to - earth manner .
we should establish and perfect as quickly as possible a system and mechanism that is conducive to innovation , increase investment in science and technology , encourage patent inventions , develop famous brands , accelerate the transformation of scientific and technological achievements into practical productive forces , strengthen the position of enterprises as the mainstay in independent innovation , and continuously increase the contribution rate of scientific and technological progress to economic growth .
we should support and encourage the participation of key technological elements in the distribution of income , establish and improve a statistical index system that embodies the ability to make innovations on our own , study and formulate policies that support innovation in fiscal and taxation fields and in government procurement , and form a policy system that encourages independent innovation .
we should cultivate a sense of innovation in the whole society , vigorously promote the spirit of daring to innovate and competition , and strive to create a good atmosphere for the emergence of talent in large numbers .
wu bangguo pointed out : the npc has made great achievements in its efforts to build a socialist country ruled by law .
to do a good job in the people 's congress work under the new situation , first , we must uphold the correct political direction , unswervingly follow the road of socialist political development with chinese characteristics , and organically unite upholding the party 's leadership with administering the country according to law .
second , we should closely center our work around the overall situation of the party and state , closely center our work around the major issues in reform , development , and stability , and carry out our work closely around the hot and difficult issues that the masses are generally concerned about to constantly enhance the actual results of the npc 's work .
third , we should give play to the characteristics and advantages of the work of the people 's congress , persist in democratic centralism , act according to established procedures , and collectively decide problems .
we must persist in following the mass line , being people - centered , exercising power for the people , being concerned for the people , and working for the people 's interests .
china proposes major scientific research projects in 15 years to come
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) china has made great efforts to enhance its international competitiveness , promote sustainable development and achieve a key leap forward in the country 's sustainable development , and the state council 's " outline for the state 's medium @ - and long - term scientific and technological development program ( 2006 - 2020 ) " has made four major scientific research plans .
the four major scientific plans are the key research projects for the control and control of the gale of protein research and the development of the research on the development and reproductive technology .
the program pointed out that protein science is the highest point of life science that developed countries are now fighting for with fierce competition .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on studying the transformations of important biological systems , the chinese communists will study the genetic and biological science of the white collar , the function of the study of white and white , and the biology , protein research on biology and related basic research , etc.
the outline also holds that the quantum regulation and control research is of a clear forward - looking nature , and it is possible that it will produce an unestimable impact on the social and economic development of mankind in 20-30 years .
china should focus on the study of the carriers and the principles and methods of regulation and control , calculation of the measurement and control , the new effect of the limited small - scale quantitative system , new principles and new technological bases for measuring the weight of the quantitative control and control , and so on .
in addition , the outline pointed out that nanometer technology has become a strategic choice for many countries to raise their core competitiveness , and is also one of the fields in which china is expected to achieve development by leaps and bounds .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on research in this area , including nanotechnology materials , to manufacture and manufacture , and to install , or to install , the research on the fields of arid , naiwa , nimaturen , and nanometer technology in the energy environment , the information technology , and other areas .
china 's population has increased by a large margin , there are many birth flaws , serious shortages of transplant organs , and the peak of aging is about to arrive . therefore , it is urgently necessary to make breakthroughs in the theory of reproductive and nurturing science and to make technological innovations .
according to the program , china will focus on the research of the possibility of increasing the proliferation of dry cells and the regulation and control of them , the depression and retreat of biochemical stem cells from maturity and retreat of human reproductive functions , and the safety and ethical of auxiliary reproductive and dry cell technology .
shanghai 's housing prices rose by nearly 7 percentage points last year .
shanghai , february 9 ( xinhua ) the state will increase the investment in housing by 10 percent in shanghai in 2005 , according to the state 's policy on macroeconomic regulation and control of the real estate industry .
the latest data show that last year , shanghai 's housing industry had a marked decline or a slowdown in all the indicators .
the increase in housing prices dropped 6.6 percentage points from the previous year , while the added value of the real estate industry decreased 4.1 percent from the previous year .
pan jianxin , director of the shanghai municipal bureau of statistics , said at a news conference that shanghai 's average commercial housing sales price in 2005 was 6698 yuan / square meters , an increase of 313 yuan over 2004 .
the prices of commercial housing rose 9.2 percent in the whole year , and the increase rate was 6.6 percentage points lower than the previous year .
the annual added value of the real estate industry was 670.023 billion yuan , down 4.1 percent from the previous year .
in the outstanding amount of loans from financial institutions , the outstanding amount of personal housing mortgage loans was 264.494 - billion yuan , and the amount of new loans was only 90.4 - billion yuan in the year , but the new loan amount in 2004 reached 728.09 - billion yuan .
pan jianxin said that from the perspective of the sales prices of shanghai 's real estate , the sale prices of commercial housing will be stable and down .
the report also shows that according to the latest data , in 2005 , the increase in real estate prices in shanghai dropped somewhat , and the average sales price of residential housing was 6,698 yuan / square meters , 313 yuan higher than that in 2004 .
the housing sales price for the whole year of 2005 will rise 9.7 percent over the previous year , and the increase will drop 6.2 percentage points from the previous year .
he said that last year shanghai 's entire city completed a total of 1.4686 - billion yuan in real estate development , an increase of 6.1 percent over the previous year .
the sales area was 3158.87 million square meters , down 9.55 percent .
sales of commercial housing totaled 21.63 billion yuan in the whole year , down 4.5 percent from the previous year .
two light planes crashed in new zealand
wellington , february 9 ( xinhua ) two new zealand light planes were flying at a pilgrims in the northern part of the capital of wellington on the 9 th , killing two pilots of the flight academy .
according to relevant responsible persons of the local civil aviation department , the two pilots on board were all students of the academy of flight at the university of marxi . they are still receiving training and have not obtained flight licenses .
when the incident occurred , the two planes were in a non - air control zone . according to regulations , when flying in such a region , the pilots should be responsible for the navigation and safety of the planes .
a eyewitness who was on the scene of the incident told the new zealand media that he heard huge explosions when the plane collided , and saw the plane crashed to the ground .
some eyewitnesses also confirmed that before the plane crashed , they heard huge explosions and saw a plane crashed .
the cause of the collision is still not clear , and the local civil aviation authorities will conduct an investigation on this .
argentina , overseas chinese condemn chen shui - bian 's taiwan independence speech
xinhua news agency , buenos aires , february 8 ( reporter cao yu ) the argentina - china peaceful reunification promotion association , established by overseas chinese and ethnic chinese living in argentina , solemnly and justly condemned chen shui - bian for his recent speech on taiwan independence and opposed any attempt to split taiwan from china .
the statement said that chen shui - bian claimed in his speech on 29 january that he would abolish the national unification council and the national unification guidelines , which were a step toward the takeoff of taiwan independence .
the compatriots on both sides of the strait have a long expectation for peace , and the good aspirations of the taiwan compatriots for peace and stability and development will face severe challenges .
the statement pointed out that it is necessary to resolutely oppose and curb separatist activities of taiwan independence and safeguard peace and stability in the taiwan strait , and it is still the most pressing task for compatriots on both sides of the strait and the chinese community in the world at present .
the statement stressed that the argentine china council for promoting peaceful reunification is willing to unite with all overseas chinese and ethnic chinese in argentina , which is from both sides of the strait , resolutely oppose any form of taiwan independence , and actively promote china 's peaceful reunification .
prc expert : us preaching china 's military threat
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has always attached great importance to the development of sino - us relations , and has made positive efforts to promote the development of sino - us relations , said the defense review report submitted by the pentagon to congress recently .
experts believe that this is an unreasonable accusation of china 's normal national defense construction , and the playing of china 's military threat theory is a interference in china 's internal affairs .
the " four - year defense assessment report " is a new defense guidance document of the pentagon .
the report , which lasted as long as 92 pages , used three phrases to explain china 's military strength and the countermeasures that the united states should adopt , for 15 times the report directly mentioned the two terms of china 's takeoff or china 's rise , saying that as a major and emerging power , china has the greatest potential for military competition with the united states , and if the united states does not have countermeasures , it will very likely develop destructive technology in the traditional us military sphere ,
professor yao yunzhu , research fellow of the world military studies department of the chinese academy of military sciences , said that although the us senior officials have repeatedly expressed similar views , this is the first time that the united states has proposed in its national defense strategy that china is most likely to pose a military challenge to the united states .
the report for the first time clearly regards russia as a new strategic opponent , especially the so - called china 's military threat , as a matter of concern .
major general peng guangqian , a researcher at the chinese academy of military sciences ,
it is noteworthy that the " four - year defense assessment report " has officially been submitted to the congress on the same day , us president bush has also submitted to the congress the 2007 government budget , of which the national defense budget is $ 439.3 - billion .
if the united states is to add the military action budget for iraq and afghanistan , the national defense budget for 2007 will exceed $ 500 billion , creating a new historical high , and peng guangqian said that it is almost equal to all other countries ' military spending .
peng guangqian said : the us method of creating the threat of other countries reflects the consistent style of the pentagon 's creating enemies , and its real purpose is to win more national defense funds and to fish for greater profits for the vast us arms and industries .
experts say that compared with the huge military spending of the united states , china 's defense spending is quite limited .
he has participated in several military experts ' written in china 's national defense white papers , saying that since the 1990 s , with economic development , china 's national defense spending has increased , but the proportion of the national financial expenditures for the same period has generally declined .
official statistics show that compared with 1979 , china 's national defense spending accounts for nearly 10 percent of the country 's financial expenditures for the same period .
china 's national defense spending in 2005 will be 24.656 billion yuan , just about one - tenth of that of the united states , and its per capita military spending will be only about one - tenth of that of the united states , with the per capita military spending of servicemen accounting for about one - third of the us military .
the united states ' land area is roughly equal to china 's territory , but its military spending is so big , and who is military forces that exceed the legitimate defense needs is a metaphor .
peng guangqian said :
zhang yan , director of the research department of the china arms control and disarmament association , said that the us side should objectively evaluate china 's military construction and that china 's peaceful development does not mean that china and the united states will become their military rivals in the future .
the white paper " china 's national defense in 2004 " says that china firmly follows the road of peaceful development and practices a defensive national defense policy .
china has never been able to make a comeback , and will not pose a threat to any country in the future .
so far , china has not established military bases in any other country , nor has it sent a single soldier to other countries , while the united states has more than 100 military bases overseas , and has deployed more than 100,000 troops in asia alone .
professor zhu feng of the institute of international relations at peking university said : china and the united states should increase communication and exchanges through the established channels , enhance mutual understanding and trust , comprehensively promote the constructive and cooperative relations between china and the united states in the new century , and jointly promote world peace and development .
( winter olympic games ) turin olympic games opening ceremony to be held
turin , february 9 ( xinhua ) the 20 th winter olympic games will be held on the evening of february 10 at the duling olympic sports ground at 8 : 00 p.m . local time .
on 9 july , the turin winter olympic organizing committee disclosed to reporters the exciting arrangements for the opening ceremony .
as for the opening ceremony , the chairman of the organizing committee , jaswant karasini , was full of confidence . he said at a press conference that the opening ceremony cost 10 - million euros , and it has gathered top italian talents in all fields .
he said : the night of 10 july will be unforgettable . at that time , 35,000 viewers and tv viewers of around 2 - billion tv spectators in the world will see the opening ceremony full of excitement .
the exciting flame was excited and the five - ring pigeons of peace , the white snow and milk cow in the alps mountains , will appear at the opening ceremony . the director said , the director said , the inspiration and italian talent will become the theme of the opening ceremony , and the largest winter olympic games in history will be displayed to the people .
the famous italian design master amani specially designed clothes for the opening ceremony , and the famous italian fashion brand , mostino , will offer a courteous service to the athletes ' attendant at the ceremony .
however , the famous italian male louis pavalotti will sing a song at the opening ceremony , and the organizing committee will leave this suspense in the final stage .
eight people who were able to spray the flame on their head will use a fire of more than three meters long to show the burning passion , and they will shut down the capsule at the airport many times at a speed of 70 kilometers .
officials from the organization committee held that this was the most satisfactory creation of the performance at the opening ceremony .
on the question of how to ignite the torch , the organizing committee did not reveal it earlier , but the 57 - meter - high torch will be lit and residents on the alberges mountain .
white house announces bush 's visit to pakistan , india , march
washington , february 9 ( xinhua ) the white house spokesman , mcclellan , said at a press conference on the 9 th that although blasphemy of islam is caused by the cartoon incident of preemptive islamic mohammed , president bush will continue to visit pakistan and india in march according to his plan .
mcclellan said that bush is looking forward to visiting pakistan and india .
he also said that he is making arrangements for this visit .
mcclellan made the above remarks when he was holding various demonstrations in some areas of pakistan to protest the blasphemy of islam 's predecessor mohammed .
in january this year , when bush met with pakistani prime minister aziz at the white house , both sides pledged to strengthen friendly cooperation to jointly crack down on terrorism that endangers the security of the two countries .
bush also said that at the invitation of the pakistani and indian governments , he will visit pakistan and india in march .
hamas cabinet to break new cabinet
ramallah , february 9 ( xinhua ) the hamas cabinet is formed to seek a breakthrough
xinhua news agency , wang haoyue ,
the palestinian islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) won the election of the legislative council , how to draw up a blueprint for the new government has become the focus of attention in the world today .
what kind of new policy the hamas will pursue will directly affect the relevant policy orientation of the parties in the peace process .
at the same time , the resistance attitude of the united states and israel has also added variables to the prospect of the hamas government .
at present , all sides in palestine are stepping up consultations to reach a consensus on the difficulties and sensitive points in forming the cabinet that involve the development of the future situation .
the prime minister 's post has taken place and which home ?
after hamas won the right to form the cabinet , some people in the outside world are worried that there may be differences between hamas 's prime minister and abbas , the current supreme leader .
in addition , hamas leader mashal , who is currently visiting egypt , has emphasized that the new palestinian government , which is led by hamas , will not recognize israel , and this hard - line signal has also aggravated international concern .
the united states and israel have explicitly expressed their disapproval of a hamas government that has the power of truth and threatened to stop the economic aid to palestine and to transfer tax from palestine .
however , this does not prevent hamas from making flexible strategic adjustments , and the election of independent figures is a compromise policy .
it is reported that to maximize international recognition , the hamas leaders at home and abroad who have gathered in egypt recently decided to elect an independent sakhalili , chairman of the board of directors of the islamic university of egypt , as the new prime minister .
this move has not received any response from the relevant parties .
palestinian analysts said that no matter who the prime minister 's post will take , the most crucial thing is that the prime minister candidate should try his best to play down the hard color of hamas and ensure the success of the cabinet .
how to distribute power ?
in the internal aspect , the greatest challenge facing hamas in forming a cabinet is the lack of sufficient experience in governance .
the palestinian daily newspaper carried an analysis that hamas has gathered people 's minds through social welfare projects , but it lacks experience in governance and is in opposition to the palestinian national liberation movement ( fatah ) , which has the experience of being in power .
after the election , hamas proposed establishing political partnership with fatah , and jointly establishing a national coalition government , fatah has not responded positively to this .
at present , there are different opinions within fatah on whether or not they will be admitted into the cabinet , one faction advocates joining the new government , and the other is refusing to invite hamas , and the legislative yuan is willing to make a big gesture of opposition .
the informed source pointed out that , with the persuasion of abbas , fatah gradually tends to join the new government .
even so , hamas and fatah will also hold talks on the distribution of their cabinet posts .
in addition , another way is to set up a legislative yuan cabinet that is divorced from the party 's affiliation .
it is reported that hamas has also designed a clean and honest government , but the specific list of the list is unknown .
in view of the attitude of the united states and israel , the technical expert - type government is no longer a form of cabinet that can reduce external pressure .
according to the basic law of palestine , the number of nominees to be elected by the new legislative council on 16 march will be completed in three weeks to five weeks after the inauguration of the new legislative council .
what course of the armed forces will follow ?
the weapons in hamas are another thorny problem facing the establishment of a new government .
the united states and israel have adopted a very hard line , resolutely demanding that hamas abandon violence and refuse to join the government with guns .
hamas leader mahathir emphasized on 9 april that armed resistance is the result of the organization 's strategy .
the armed forces issue actually includes the legality of weapons and the ownership of the armed forces .
hamas 's election of the first largest party in the legislative council through democracy and freedom has won international recognition , making the armed faction of its subordinate to the ruthless brigade of qamdo , the same way of bringing it into the government 's security organs .
hamas has proposed the idea of unifying all the armed forces into the palestinian national authority , but it has not received extensive support and has also been met with the criticism of the islamic jihad ( jihad ) of palestine .
palestine now has more than 60,000 security personnel , and the overwhelming majority of them are from the fatah camp .
moreover , there are also some armed factions under the loose organization relations , such as the al-aqsa martyrs ' brigade , the fragile of the al-fahd , and others .
hamas , who is responsible for the formation of the cabinet , must reach agreement with abbas on how to manage these armed forces that are in their own hands and reasonably distribute security management authority .
according to local media reports , abbas intends to take charge of security and intelligence units , while the police and civil defense departments are under the control of the interior ministry of the new government .
however , all parties are still holding consultations on this sensitive issue , so far no further documents have been made .
china to release polar inspection report
beijing , february 10 ( xinhua ) the state oceanographic administration ( sssb ) recently issued a " 2005 china polar land inspection report " , which is the first time in 20 years since china launched its polar science research activities .
the " report " comprehensively reflects the results of china 's 2005 polar scientific research activities , the main progress and results of scientific research in the field of logistics support .
according to the " report , " at 22:15 on 9 january 2005 , china 's antarctic will inspect the inland icecap inspection team in the antarctic to successfully reach the highest - altitude ice - skimming area in the antarctic ocean . it will be decided at 3:15 on 18 january at the highest point of the ice - high of 4093 meters .
in the increasingly fierce international polar arena , chinese people are strongly disappointed with their strong will and unfettered spirit , and are bold in opening up new fields . first , they have launched a series of activities to deal with the highest altitude of the south , and have achieved success in one move , thus realizing another dream of mankind in the south .
sun zhihui , director of the state oceanic administration , said :
the " report " shows that on 24 march 2005 , china 's 21 st antarctic expedition team successfully completed its mission and returned to shanghai . the investigation lasted 151 days and 26,500 nautical miles .
on 18 november of the same year , china 's 22 nd antarctic expedition team left shanghai to conduct scientific research at the middle - rise station of the antarctic . it will leave the zhongshan station before the end of february 2006 and return to shanghai .
because it was the first time china published the polar observation report , the 2005 china polar land inspection report also put forward a series of important proposals for the cause of china 's polar exploration which started in the 1980 s .
according to the " report , " china officially joined the " antarctic treaty " in 1983 and became a member of the antarctic treaty organization , and it was one after another becoming the most influential council of the antarctic research council , including the council of antarctic director , which is the country that has negotiated the antarctic treaty .
in 1997 , china became a member of the north pole science committee and won the right to speak and make policy decisions in international polar affairs .
the " report " pointed out : over the past 20 - odd years , china 's polar land inspection has never stopped , and has continued to develop . the first batch of airplanes has formed a system of scientific research in the south , which is the southern pole , which was established in february 1985 , and the central mountain station in the south pole , which was established in february 1989 , the north pole station established in july , and the north pole in july 2004 , which started
according to the " report , " by the end of 2005 , china has organized 22 antarctic science research projects to conduct a two - digit study of the arctic science in the northern pole , which is based on the platform , with a total of 3,000 - plus team members in the country going to the south pole to conduct on - the - spot inspection .
at present , we are making preparations for the establishment of the third antarctic station , and also china 's first inland inland inland station in the antarctic .
sun zhihui said :
after more than 20 years of efforts , china 's polar field inspection has taken a total of a place in the world 's polar observation , but compared with other major polar countries , there is still a big gap , and we must be greeted with the headache .
he said .
sun zhihui revealed that china will publish an annual report on polar observation .
castro meets with chinese , cuban leaders on scientific , technological cooperation
havana , february 10 ( xinhua ) cuban president fidel castro met with visiting chinese state councilor chen zhili in cuba on the 10th , and both sides pledged to strengthen their cooperation in education , science and technology , and other fields .
president castro warmly welcomed president chen zhili on his visit to cuba .
he said : cuba - china relations are very friendly , and high - level visits have frequently been frequent , which have effectively promoted and strengthened the friendship and mutual understanding between the two sides . he hoped that the two countries would constantly deepen mutually beneficial cooperation in various fields , including education and science and technology .
chen zhili said : cuba is an important country with important influence in latin america and the caribbean region .
the friendly exchanges between the chinese and cuban peoples date back to ancient times .
cuba is the first latin american country to establish diplomatic relations with new china .
after entering the new century , with the concern and promotion of the leaders of the two countries , the political mutual trust between the two countries has been deepened , the fields of cooperation have been expanded , mutual support and cooperation in international affairs have been supported and cooperated , and the friendly relations between china and cuba have entered a new period of comprehensive development .
she believed that with the joint efforts of both sides , sino - cuban friendly cooperation will certainly yield more fruitful results .
chen zhili also pointed out that the chinese government has always attached importance to exchanges and cooperation with cuba in the educational field .
in recent years , education and exchanges between the two countries have become increasingly close and frequent contacts between the two sides .
china actively supports the international conference held by cuba and has sent delegations to attend the world higher education conference and the 2005 conference on wiping out illiteracy .
cuba 's basic education level is very high , and we hope that relevant experience exchange will be further strengthened in the future .
chen zhili said that china and cuba have their own advantages in scientific and technological research and development , and can achieve mutual benefit and win - win results through cooperation in various fields .
the chinese side has helped cuba in scientific research and production , and hopes that it will play a positive role in cuban scientific research and production .
she also briefed castro on china 's strategy of rejuvenating the country through science and education and the national science and technology conference .
chen zhili arrived in cuba on 9 february for a five - day official visit to cuba at the invitation of the cuban government .
during the visit , chen zhili met with fao weiguo , minister of the cuban ministry of education and inspected the university of halvana 's information science , the mauritania middle school and saint maria primary school .
the leakage of the oil leakage on the beijing - kazakhstan highway
harbin , february 11 ( xinhua ) the chinese government will continue to implement the " three - dimensional traffic accident " at around 2300 hours on february 10 , causing the leakage of a tanker on the 58 kilometers of the beijing - harbin highway , which has been closed to some sections .
according to the police officers of the traffic police detachment of the shuangcheng city public security bureau , three trucks collided with a traffic accident at around 2300 hours on the 10th . a sedan truck and a oil tank car collided with each other . the cracks were leaked . the disassembled oil loaded onto the road .
it is understood that the tanker is equipped with a discarded oil that is manufactured after the cake .
because of the high self - adhesive and the danger of fire hazards in vehicles , the departments concerned have closed the road at the scene .
some highways in harbin heading for the shuangcheng direction are closed , and many vehicles are bypassing .
at present , the relevant departments are clearing up the scene , and the cause of the accident is under investigation .
hong kong , macao and taiwan : china 's largest number of foreign companies listed on china 's market
hong kong , february 11 ( xinhua ) china 's largest oil producer , the largest oil producer in italy , has been delayed for the first time since the start of the year , according to the official statement .
and huo jianning , president of the yellow group , said that although zambia has received approval from all relevant regulatory bodies on listing , the listing process must be completed within a few weeks .
at the same time , the current situation in the european telecommunications market is weak , and it is not possible that the market will be given an appropriate valuation of the listing of italy at this moment .
in view of the greatest interest to shareholders , the decision to postpone the listing .
as for when to buy shares again , fok said that it would be necessary to follow the future european telecommunications market .
he held that the time from now until the time of another stock offering , italy needs to conduct extensive investor education activities to enable the global telecommunications market to have a clearer picture of the current strong performance and favorable prospects of italy .
according to media reports , one of the world 's coordinators of juano , italy , is a high - rise investment bank , agreeing to sell its shares in italy through a private matching of 420 million euros , and the transaction is expected to be completed by the end of march this year .
china , myanmar to develop economic ties
yangon , february 12 ( xinhua ) chinese ambassador to myanmar gui gui gui tong met here today with myanmar prime minister myanmar 's minister of economy and trade charles mohamed mou , saying that the economic and trade relations between china and myanmar are now showing a good trend of developing in a variety of forms and in a variety of forms .
ambassador shuk said : in recent years , the sino - myanmar good - neighborly and friendly relations established on the basis of the five principles of peaceful coexistence have been consolidated and developed , exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been expanded and deepened , and economic and trade relations between the two countries have been constantly developed and strengthened .
counselor tang hai said that the high - level exchange of visits between the two countries has effectively promoted the development of economic and trade cooperation between the two countries .
during the high - level visits between the two countries in 2004 , the two sides signed 33 agreements on economic and trade cooperation , and most of them are being implemented and implemented .
he said that the figure in 2004 was $ 11.4 - billion , and that in 2005 it reached $ 1.09 - billion , of which china 's exports were $ 935 - billion , and imports were $ 274 - billion .
last year , china 's trade with myanmar reached a record high of 6.30 billion us dollars , up 14.6 percent from the previous year .
tang said myanmar has become an important force in the chinese enterprises ' contracting of the project , and the main projects china has built in myanmar include the bridge and the factory ( such as the candies of the coated factory , the white paper maiden factory , etc. ) .
chinese enterprises have started engineering projects in myanmar , which has brought along the export of various kinds of chinese mechanical and electrical products , and myanmar has become one of the important markets for china 's export of complete sets of equipment and electrical and mechanical products .
according to statistics from the chinese customs , in the past five to six years , the export of mechanical and electrical products has accounted for about 45.5 percent of china 's total exports to myanmar .
the myanmar government has a rich resources and has started to invest in burma 's oil and gas fields , said tang , adding that the sino - myanmar economic and trade cooperation has great potential .
he hoped that chinese enterprises would have a long - term vision , learn to avoid risks , and make prudent decisions . he said that to establish a good image of enterprises , it is necessary to ensure the quality of the projects on schedule and to win glory for the country .
ambassador mustafa and counselor tang hai both held that prime minister soe win 's upcoming official visit to china is a major event in bilateral relations this year , which is of great significance to enhancing political mutual trust , promoting bilateral cooperation , and promoting the further development of sino - myanmar good - neighborly and friendly relations .
it is expected that during the visit , the two sides will sign several agreements on economic and trade cooperation .
world bank to reduce debt of the most countries
moscow , february 11 ( xinhua ) world bank president wolfowitz said in moscow on the 11th that the world bank will completely remove the debts of the poorest country by the middle of this year .
wolfowitz held talks with the finance ministers from various countries who came to attend the g8 finance ministers ' meeting in moscow on the same day .
in a statement issued after the meeting , he said that the world bank would implement a debt relief scheme before july 1 , and the world bank is now completing all technical work .
last year , the world bank donor countries completely exempted the debts owed by 28 countries , and said that they would fill the funds for the relevant trust funds .
the amount of credits of the imf is relatively small , and the imf started to reduce its debts by the end of 2005 .
in addition , wolfowitz 's decision to exempt russia from the debts of 16 african countries .
the us has gradually become mainstream in the high - definition digital television .
new york , february 12 ( xinhua ) the number of high - resolution digital television sets ( the rate of increase in the number of digital television sets and the market ) has continued to decline , and the us television transmission agencies have also stepped up the introduction of corresponding high - definition television programs .
the american superstis , which just ended on the screen , has become a strong attraction for american broadcasters to meet the television era .
according to a recent report by the financial times , the us congress recently passed a bill , requiring that the american broadcasting industry must stop broadcasting the current simulated television signals on february 17 , 2009 , and can only send digital signals .
this means that the comprehensive digitization of television programs in the united states has already had a clear timetable .
the popularization of digital television depends on consumers on the one hand , while on the other hand , it depends on the production agencies to provide high - definition digital programs .
although the number of digital television has been repeatedly mentioned in the past few years , it has never become a reality .
this problem has taken a turn for the better this year .
according to the forecast of the us consumer electronics association , the number of digital television sets will be sold in the united states for the first time this year , and 85.5 percent of the digital television sets are high - resolution products .
japanese researchers develop new highly efficient kidney
tokyo , february 13 ( xinhua ) japanese researchers at the east china sea university have developed a biological - powered kidney system which not only has the same functions as human kidney but also has the ability to retain the functions of material ingredients , which are small in size and easy to transplant , and is expected to bring forgiveness to the nepalese patients with in - depth research .
according to a report recently published by the nikon industrial news , the newly developed biomass kidney is mainly composed of two parts , and some are made of the blood of the dna and the dirty of the dna , and some of the are used to return to blood transfusion from the water level of the lieutenant general and the hydrogen base , and other factors that are used to return to blood transfusion .
the amount of dirty and dirty seed in the sky was made from the middle and the lower levels of the dna , and the inside side of the thin pipe was filled with urine cells with the functions of decommissioning .
this kind of skin cell can make the number of diseases caused by multiple blood penetration , and can be thoroughly analyzed as the cause of the genetic factors being diagnosed into hydrogen therapy and returning to blood , and at the same time , it can also make the solar and mineral - related materials needed for physical health enter blood again .
in the past , the difference between human - made kidneys relied on the seepage to filtration of waste cannot completely eliminate it , and it is not equipped with the function of returning the arteric acid and other ingredients to blood .
researchers used goats to carry out experiments on transplant biological human kidney , and the use of pig on the cwf in the middle - air silk line of artificial kidney .
two weeks later , researchers confirmed that human - made kidney has been able to play its functions .
at present , they are developing the biological artificial kidney used for human kidney and will start clinical research after verifying their safety .
china 's power industry still faces severe challenges
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the state power regulatory commission ( sfc ) said on the 13th that despite the fact that power safety in 2005 is maintaining a stable overall situation , power safety and production still faces severe challenges .
shi yubo , vice chairman of the state power supervision and control commission , said at the fifth ( enlarged ) meeting of the national electric power safety production committee held here that china 's power safety in 2005 was generally stable , successfully fulfilled the task of electricity supply to the peak of summer , and made a safe and sound response to natural disasters , basically ensuring the safe and stable operation of the power electric power system , ensuring the safety and stability of the power production , and reducing the number of power production
however , he pointed out that with the changes in the situation of power supply and demand and the large number of newly built power generating units successively coming into operation , power safety production will face new challenges .
these challenges include the regional sewage - time sacking , the problem of electricity supply and demand in some areas , the situation of supply and demand , and the fact that the benign mechanism for coal prices has not yet taken shape , the problem of power supply still remains quite big , and at the same time , the problem of the decline in coal quality has not been effectively controlled , which will seriously affect the steady operation of the power generating units , and some of the weak structures , equipment , and
shi yubo said : with the deepening of the reform of the power system , many deep - seated contradictions will continue to be exposed . how to maintain the stability of the workers ' contingent and ensure normal production order will become new problems .
in view of the 2006 power safety production work , shi yubo said : we should further consolidate the basic work of managing power production safety , speed up the establishment and improvement of the mechanism for emergency management of power safety , improve the ability to deal with contingencies , strengthen coordination and cooperation between power plants and networks , jointly safeguard the safety of the power system , continue to do a good job in supervising and managing the safety of the dam , ensure the safety of the power plant , and ensure the safety
it is reported that in light of the new situation in power safety management , the power supervision and control commission will revise and improve the existing " interim regulations on investigating power production accidents . " at the same time , the relevant supporting documents on the safety of the dam and the second system of protection for power supply will be issued this year .
in 2005 , china 's total electricity consumption in the whole society reached 246.89 - billion kilowatt - hours , an increase of 13.455 percent over the same period last year .
faced with the situation of power supply and demand still being tightened , the contradiction of coal , electricity , oil , and transport being serious , and so on , all power enterprises have earnestly adopted effective measures to strengthen the management of equipment , and there was no major equipment accident in the whole country last year in power production .
the number of accidents occurred on the internet was 427 , and the number of accidents caused by equipment was 427 , down 132 .
south african envoy to china said that south africa does not have the right to organize criminal activities against chinese citizens
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) south african embassy in china today held a ceremony to mark the 30 th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between south africa and china , according to a xinhua reporter , the official said .
he also said that the south african government would spare no effort in cracking down on all forms of criminal activities .
the south african government hopes to lower the crime rate to zero and hopes that every one of the foreigners working in south africa will be able to obtain the legal and citizens ' full protection , said the minister .
since 2006 , four chinese citizens have been killed in south africa one after another , and the chinese world has expressed widespread concern over this .
the chinese foreign ministry has made representations to south africa and reminded chinese citizens to further enhance their sense of security and precautions , strengthen unity and friendship among the chinese nationals , and work with the police to crack down on criminal activities .
we express our most sincere sympathy and condolences to the families of the victims , and the friendship of the deceased .
china has made great efforts to improve its economic and social development , and has made great efforts to promote the development of the south african country 's economic and social development .
the chinese embassy in south africa said that south african police have successfully cracked a case in which chinese fujian woman chen jianqing was killed in south africa on february 5 , and a suspect has been arrested .
at present , the police are hunting another suspect .
the south african embassy in china also disclosed that the criminal suspects of the shooting of hong kong businessmen in january this year have been arrested by south african police , and the victim 's property has been recovered .
speaking of the possible impact of the incident of chinese citizens ' killing , fu kangning said that these incidents were indeed a great challenge to the trade , tourism , and other fields of exchanges between the two countries , but from a long - term perspective , the impact should not be too big .
the tourism commissioner of the south african embassy , nelson nyse , said that the embassy had paid a visa to more than 2,000 chinese people in south africa in the first 15 days of this year .
according to official statistics , south africa will continue to maintain its position as china 's largest trading partner in africa in 2005 .
bilateral trade volume reached $ 727 - million , up 237 percent over the same period last year .
however , tourism figures believe that the continuous killing of chinese citizens in 2004 has a great impact on the number of chinese tourists to south africa .
according to statistics from the south african tourism bureau , chinese tourists to south africa in the first half of 2005 were 20,331 , down 14.9 percent from the same period last year .
there are 200,000 chinese living in south africa , covering about 200 - thousand urban and rural areas in south africa .
analysts here believe that south africa is rich in society , its unemployment rate is high , and its guns are rampant , and its crime rate is high .
because many chinese do not understand english , they have cash in their bodies , and they are more prone to become victims who seek financial attacks .
hk promotes english learning and training
hong kong , february 13 ( xinhua ) the government of the hong kong special administrative region ( hksar ) launched a new plan on the 13th to raise the english standard of its workforce .
this , which is a theme of good study in english and rich life , includes a series of promotional activities to promote learning and training in workplace english , and to help employers better understand how to help their employees improve their english standards .
the scheme has so far provided funding for nearly 25,000 people to complete workplace english training , enabling them to attain the benchmark for the workplace english benchmark in hong kong .
hong kong 's workplace english campaign was launched in 2000 .
a major project of the workplace english campaign is the provision of workplace english training .
the scheme aims to help employees who need to use english in their work to obtain english language proficiency through participating in training and participating in the designated international business english examinations .
hebei 's aids testing system free of charge
shijiazhuang , february 14 ( xinhua ) the hebei provincial health department recently issued a " report on the implementation of a voluntary consultation and testing program for aids in hebei province " ( trial implementation ) , which clearly laid down the principle of free admission of aids and keeping it confidential , hoping that aids patients will be discovered to the maximum , further implement measures for preventing aids and prevent aids , and avoid the first imposition of a policy on admission of apprehension .
the " program " has clearly defined the principle of the voluntary consultation and examination of aids in hebei province : the testing and consultation of aids antibodies is free , the testing and consultation of aids antibodies is voluntary , and the information is available . the testing and consultation of aids antibodies and keeping information confidential does not evaluate the relevant behavior of the seeking consultation , and the hiv carriers and aids patients ' legitimate rights and interests are protected , so as to provide relevant follow - up services for
the " plan " calls on aids consultation and testing points to be set at the convenient locations for consultation . to protect the inmates ' privacy , we should have a separate room to conduct one - to - one consultation .
the choices of the advisers should take full account of their personal quality , including their knowledge and ability to exchange .
to protect the privacy of the consulting agents , the test system can use the code or number to register .
the " plan " also demands that health administration departments at and above the county level should release the local media the medical and health care institutions that are responsible for the voluntary aids free medical examination and testing service , so as to help the masses understand the relevant information .
the ministry of public security has still focused its work on extorting confessions by torture .
beijing , february 14 ( xinhua ) the deputy director of the police supervision bureau of the ministry of public security , zheng baigang , said in a press conference held by the ministry of public security that the alleged improper way to let criminal suspects plead guilty in china is absolutely not allowed .
the focus of supervision departments ' work is also to prevent the occurrence of these problems .
he also pointed out that some international organizations have failed to fully understand the law enforcement situation of the chinese police .
the latest information provided by the ministry of public security on 14 april shows that the ministry of public security has issued the " regulations on putting in place retained measures by public security organs " in 2002 , " the provisions on applying continuing interrogations by public security organs , " and has made a better job of ensuring that the grassroots public security organs are able to leave for interrogations in accordance with the law .
since 1997 , in order to deepen the three kinds of governance ( i.e. , to control torture , to cure arbitrary abuse of guns and to control the abuse of coercive measures ) , the police force of the public security organs across the country has persistently carried out in - depth investigation of the police force , the traffic police force , and the public security supervision and control centers , and other grassroots units , and have conducted a secret inspection of law enforcement in the areas where citizens ' personal security
in order to prevent law enforcement from the source , the police and supervisory departments have further extended the tentacles of law enforcement inspectors , and stepped up the effort to inquire about the application of the measures . the police have placed 110 cases of illegal income on file for investigation and prosecution , including the enrollment of security personnel and the taping of information on stolen motor vehicles , and so on .
chinese vice - premier dies of sars in taipei
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the taiwan leader , who has served as honorary chairman of the taiwan strait exchange foundation , has been forced to resign from taipei to taipei early on the morning of 15 february because of the strain of acute heart failure and bloody failure .
sun yun - suan was born on 11 november 1913 . he was graduated from the electrical engineering department of the shandong penglai and harbin industrial university .
it was a member of the 10 th and 13 th cpc central committee , a member of the central standing committee of the 12 th cpc central committee , chairman of the presidium of the 14 th central committee of the presidium of the central committee of the china central committee , and a member of the 15 th cpc central committee .
he was the head of the taiwan authorities ' communications minister , the minister of economy , and the president of the executive yuan .
heilongjiang promotes ecological environment impact assessment and countermeasures for songhua river water pollution
harbin , february 16 ( xinhua ) to do a good job in the songhua river 's ice cover period and the aftermath of the river 's melting of the river , heilongjiang province will actively promote the evaluation and countermeasures for the ecological environment of songhua river water pollution .
the reporter has learned from the heilongjiang provincial environmental protection bureau that the songhua river , which is under the leadership of the state administration of environmental protection , has 15 special topics to be discussed in the evaluation of the ecological environment of the major pollution in the river , which are divided into five special topics , including emergency environmental assessment and countermeasure , assessment of the ecological effect and control of the health of the human body . the specific time is to be arranged for completion in three stages .
currently , there are a total of 10 scientific research institutes in heilongjiang province , totaling more than 60 people , undertaking 14 research projects .
according to presentations , the environmental protection department and relevant scientific research institutions will focus on five special topics , namely , the study of emergency environmental evaluation and countermeasures , and strive to resolve the environmental problems that the masses are most concerned about .
the major measures include the control of the concentration of pollutants of the side and the forecast of pollution from the total number of departing passengers , assessment of the impact of the songhua river 's decentralized pumping of water and the safety of underground water supply , and study the plan for safe water supply in the cities to study the residue and the law of study of the residue and residual contamination of pollutants in the process of the sand@@
the heilongjiang provincial environmental protection department will intensify the environmental monitoring of the songhua river , and will strictly investigate and deal with environmental incidents that have caused serious pollution by illegal pollution discharge and illegal construction .
heilongjiang will send environmental law enforcement personnel to urge various localities to carry out comprehensive improvement of the environment in small basins , and improve the environment management system for the laohezi river and other branch currents .
beijing university mourns wang xuan
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a new university in beijing to commemorate the 100 th anniversary of the founding of the people 's republic of china at 0900 on the morning of 15 february , and several hundred people have come to offer condolences to the chinese people .
at 0800 hours in the morning , the opening time of the hall was not yet yet yet , scores of people were standing up outside the door .
the reporters were interviewed by the reporters at the memorial hall of the 100 th anniversary of the beijing university . the wall of the hall was a black horizontal scroll , which was filled with a grief to mourn the famous statue of wang xuan .
the bottom of the horizon was a huge picture of wang xuan , which was more than 10 square meters . he was wearing a glasses , with a smile on his face , and his air was rude and graceful .
the remains were placed on the two sides of the ruins , with scores of wreaths placed on both sides .
one of the wreaths wrote : the chair of the chinese chair was built on the chungming of tang 's glorious chinese , and a red of the contemporary chinese of the chinese desk was given a blueprint .
the mourning at the hall was low and the atmosphere was heavy .
among the crowd of people who were memorial tablets were leaders and teachers and students of beijing university , friends of academician wang xuan , and many people who were unfamiliar with him , who also specially came to the scene .
some of them are holding flowers in their hands , some holding floral baskets , and each of them is wearing a small white blossom in front of their chests , slowly moving to the front of the statue of wang xuan , and bowing their tribute .
many people could not help but shed their tears .
zhang wenbin , who was formerly director of the state cultural relics bureau , is an alumnus at beijing university . he told reporters that he was still working in henan province more than 10 years ago and asked professor wang xuan to give a report on scientific and technological innovations to the provincial party committee .
academician wang xuan 's career is a model for us to learn from , and he has made major contributions to the country and society , and the people will never forget him .
jin ruilin , professor of the beijing university 's law school , was very close to wang xuan 's 40 - year old friend .
he was discharged a few days ago . he insisted on having a farewell to his old friend today .
mr. kim jong - il has made a speech on the book , but he cannot stop his own sad and has repeatedly used paper to shed tears .
he told reporters that professor wang xuan 's life was very frugal , and when he was staying at the yuyuan of tong fu , he was already a professor , and he had already achieved very high success , but he was still living in a very small house for many years .
later he moved to chengzoo , where he lived in a place of 780 square meters , for more than 10 years .
beijing university gave him an academician building in the blue camp , a big house of over 140 square meters , and a high - level housing provided by fang zheng building , he did not want to pay the price .
mr. kim recalled with deep feeling that during wang xuan 's overseas visit , he would leave him with a high degree of treatment , but he would never forget his words .
at the beginning of his career , he insisted on not applying for academicians . he only went to fill the list after several mobilization meetings by mr. zhou peiyuan .
mr. jimzhong has deep feelings , and wang xuan 's attitude toward training young people has repeatedly emphasized that he has seen what i have achieved , not looking at myself , but rather relying on training young people .
mr. jin said that when he was 50 years old , wang xuan began to pay attention to training young people . he always emphasized that it is necessary to pave the way , and that it is necessary to be willing to serve as a staircase and to give the young people a way .
this is a very successful scientist , and it is very difficult to make a comeback .
the reporter has learned from the beijing university press center that from 09:00 on 15 february to 1200 on 19 february , academician wang xuan opened the hall of the people from various circles to express condolences .
the " national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference ( cppcc ) , " which is known as the vice chairman of the chinese people 's political consultative conference ( cppcc ) , has been named the third professor of the world academy of sciences , who is a cas , has been null and null because of illness , died of illness at the beijing academy of sciences at 11:33 on 13 february .
china , chile set up exchange mechanism
wu bangguo attended the signing ceremony and signed the agreement .
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) wu bangguo , chairman of the standing committee of the national people 's congress ( npc ) , attended a meeting of the china national people 's congress ( npc ) and the chilean parliament on the establishment of political dialogue relations , which was held in the great hall of the people , and signed the agreement in the document .
the exchange mechanism between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament has been officially established .
it is understood that the chilean parliament 's senate speaker rodro and the senate speaker arseno assiee signed the agreement in santiago , the capital of chile .
according to the agreement , the two sides will establish a mechanism for the political dialogue between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament in accordance with the principles laid down in the sino - chilean joint communique , and the two sides will set up a dialogue committee in turn to hold regular meetings to jointly promote the all - round development of bilateral relations .
chilean ambassador to china karula and others attended the signing ceremony .
china to promulgate regulations on protection of information network
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) many websites are now relying on a large number of internet news reports such as newspapers and magazines to increase their rate of attack , but many of them have not been authorized and have not paid the same fees . wang zaiqiang , director of the state copyright bureau , said at a news conference held on the 15th of the state council information office that the state council will publish the regulations on protecting the rights of the spread of the internet .
wang ziqiang said : according to the current legal provisions , the works published in newspapers and periodicals , as long as the authors do not make a statement , newspapers and periodicals can pay the remuneration and the state copyright bureau has formulated special standards for redistribution of newspapers and periodicals in accordance with the law .
however , according to the current law , the newspaper and periodical publishing houses have the right to legally permit the publication . at present , the internet does not enjoy such a legal license right .
according to relevant judicial explanations made by the supreme people 's court , the method of using the legal permit for newspapers and periodicals can be applied to the internet , that is , the articles published on the internet , the authors did not make a statement on the use of the jail , the internet could not be used without permission , and at the same time , they should pay the remuneration .
however , since there is no provision on remuneration standards , the use of these works on the internet is not paid in actual practice .
the report on the use of these short - term works on the internet is applicable to legal permission , and it is also necessary to determine them from the legal level .
wang ziqiang said : whether or not we should put the issue in the scope specified by the law , and also the regulations on protecting the right to dissemination of information networks issued this year .
russian military says georgian parliament resolution not to affect russian peacekeeping
moscow , february 15 ( xinhua ) russian defense ministry press officials sergey sergey sergey sergey shevov said on the 15th that the georgian parliament 's resolution on the russian peacekeeping forces will not affect the russian military 's peacekeeping operations in the short term , and the russian people will continue to carry out peacekeeping missions in the south ossetia clash area .
the russian state duma ( lower house of parliament ) and cis chairman kosco said that the resolution of the georgian parliament on the resolution on the russian peacekeeping forces said that the resolution would undermine the stability of the situation in the region and produce an unfavorable impact on the relations between russia and georgia .
he stressed that the georgian parliament resolution has made the relations between russia and georgia move forward in the direction of deterioration .
he said that the russian side 's accusations are absurd .
the georgian parliament passed a resolution on the same day demanding that russian peacekeeping forces stop their peacekeeping operations in the south ossetia , but there is no specific deadline for the withdrawal of russian peacekeeping forces .
the georgian parliament accused the russian peacekeeping personnel of failing to fulfill their obligations and regarded the actions taken by russia in the conflict as a loose attempt to snatch georgia .
the georgian parliament called on the government to take active action and consider the possibility of entering the south ossetia conflict area to replace russia 's current peacekeeping operations in the region .
the georgian parliament also instructed the government to revise the relevant agreement on the entry of russian peacekeeping personnel into the conflict zone .
the south ossetia is an autonomous state of georgia , which borders the republic of the northern ossetia of russia .
after the disintegration of the former soviet union , it announced independence on its own and had long been in a state of confrontation with the central government of georgia .
at present , russia has a peacekeeping camp of 500 people stationed in the region .
the troops were deployed in accordance with the conditions of russia 's northern serbia , the southern osaka setia , in 1992 .
four people in charge of the fire in liaoyuan hospital will be charged with the crime of suspected major responsibility
changchun , february 16 ( xinhua ) the water quality of the major fire at liaoyuan city central hospital in jilin province has been confirmed by the accident investigation group , with the exception of zhang diankun , head of the hospital 's electric engineering squad , and four others , who are suspected of being involved in major accidents .
on december 15 , 2005 , the largest hospital in liaoyuan city , was hit by a fire , leaving 39 people dead .
in the fire , the excavation area reached more than 5,000 square meters .
it is understood that this is the first time that a medical and health system in the country has been hit by fire since the founding of new china .
according to investigations , at around 1630 on the day of the incident , the central hospital of liaoyuan city suddenly stopped power supply . according to the circuits design of the hospital , the power plant would automatically jump to the deputy gate to continue maintaining the normal power supply in the hospital , but the power gate was not automatically shut . however , the power squad leader zhang diankun was forced to send electricity to the hospital without the reason of the power failure .
the underground cables , which were cigarettes , were unsealed in the sky , and were entangled with a dozen or so cables , and such cables should be put in place in a very nutshell and should be set up in the fire - fighting layer .
therefore , the 57 - year - old zhao yongchun , head of the electrical installation team of the liaoyuan textile company , retired cadres ( senior engineer ) of the electrical and mechanical industry bureau , sun fenglin , who retired from the huyuan city center hospital , will be prosecuted for the crime of a major responsibility accident .
the first tour of china 's rural tourism in guizhou is to be held in tianlong tuen mun
guiyang , february 16 ( xinhua ) the guizhou pingdam county of guizhou 's pingtan county , tianlong village , on the morning of the 16th , children wore the holiday grand dress and the faces were filled with joy and joy .
at 10:30 in the morning , after the five - valiant year activity ended , zheng peizhen , 80 , who is a long - term chair of young , sounded the first - round public sentiment of the first - round tour of guizhou in china 's rural tourism .
the village of tianlong is a typical representative of the development of tourism in guizhou 's villages and a national model for tourism .
as a special force of the tuen mun military in the year of the red army in the ming dynasty , the tatsule has a history of more than 600 years .
here , we can see the blue skeleton , an ancient han culture and a dressing in the village of tuen mun .
it is understood that the tianlong village relies on this cultural traditional advantage to develop rural cultural tourism since 2002 , and its admission income will reach 3.8 - million yuan in 2005 , with 47-7 percent of the households in the whole village having relied on the sale of tourism commodities through the dining table and the sale of tourism products . the per capita income of the peasants has increased from more than 1,300 yuan in 2002 to 2640 yuan in 2002 .
yang shengming , director of the guizhou provincial tourism bureau , said that following the first tour of tianlong tuen mun , the new tourism project in the new countryside has been the theme of the new year , and various rural tourism activities in guizhou will reach 35 this year .
so far , more than 130 villages in guizhou have started various rural tourism projects . by 2005 , more than 600,000 peasant households in the province have extricated themselves from poverty through developing tourism .
in january , housing prices in 70 cities across the country rose 5.5 percent , and housing prices in shanghai continued to decline
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the country 's 70 large and medium - sized cities have increased by 5.5 percent in january , a rise of 0.7 percentage points over the previous month .
shanghai 's housing prices continued to decline .
the national development and reform commission ( ndrc ) said in its monthly statistics that most of the 70 large and medium - sized cities saw a small increase in the prices of housing sales in january , with the hohhot and haohao rising by more than 10 percent , while the housing sales prices in shanghai continued to decline slightly , down by 0.4 percent .
the same statistics show that in the first quarter of last year , the prices of housing sales in shanghai rose by 19.1 percent over the same period last year , and a turn for the better was seen , with a slight decline in the second half of last year .
in january this year , the prices of newly built commercial housing in 70 large and medium - sized cities increased 6.9 percent over the same period last year , and the increase was 0.2 percentage points lower than the previous month .
the increase in the number of new houses was 18.93 percent in dalian , and the increase in haote 14.7-7 percent in shenzhen , 9.01 percent in beijing , 8.4 percent in shanghai , 3.1 percent in the same period last year .
the organization department of the cpc central committee called for further strengthening supervision over leading cadres and the selection and appointment of cadres .
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the central organization department recently issued a document on strengthening supervision over cadres .
the opinions urged organization departments at all levels to proceed from strict management and care for cadres , to carry out cadre supervision throughout the process of cadre cultivation and education , to select and appoint people for day - to - day management , and to establish and improve a supervisory mechanism for strengthening the work of preventing the spread of the disease and correcting the problem in a timely manner , and to effectively strengthen supervision over the selection and appointment of leading cadres and cadres .
the opinion pointed out : the main task of supervision over cadres in organization departments is , first , supervision over leading bodies and leading cadres , and the focus is on strengthening supervision over principal responsible persons of leading bodies ; second , supervision over the selection and appointment of party and government leading cadres , and stress on the implementation of the " regulations on selecting and appointing party and government leading cadres " .
in supervising leading bodies and leading cadres , the opinions pointed out : we should unswervingly and satisfactorily carry out education in ideals and convictions and in promoting clean administration , and should permeate this education with the cultivation , selection , and management and supervision of cadres , guide and supervise leading cadres to strengthen party spirit and to persist in building a party that serves the interests of the public and build a strong ideological and moral defense against corruption and degeneration .
in the course of making speeches on cadres newly promoted , we should make clear our demand on honesty and self - discipline .
we should urge the leading bodies at all levels to uphold democratic centralism , establish and improve rules and procedures for discussing matters , and seriously implement systems that combine collective leadership with individual division of work .
we should give prominence to supervision over the leading bodies ' principal responsible persons , and should organize ( personnel ) departments to often talk with the principal responsible persons of the leading bodies at the lower levels to understand the work style and other aspects of their ideology .
establish and improve the system of day - to - day management and supervision of leading cadres , regularly understand and analyze the ideological and work style of the contingent of leading cadres , and put forward views and measures for resolving problems .
and implement a system of admonitory talks and letters and inquiries among leading cadres , and find out symptoms of symptoms of symptoms and problems , and conduct admonitory talks or letters in a timely manner .
the outstanding problems of leading cadres that the masses have reflected should be seriously investigated and understood , and criticism and education should be given to the separated situations or corresponding organizations for handling . such cases constitute the transfer of disciplinary - inspection and law - enforcement organs , and the appropriate means should be clarified in the form of investigation that there are no problems .
at the same time , we should integrate the strengthening of supervision with the encouragement of cadres in boldly exploring and innovating , and pay attention to discovering and commending outstanding cadres .
the opinions demanded that organization ( personnel ) departments at all levels should effectively strengthen supervision over the selection and appointment of leading party and government cadres .
further improve the system of examining and approving candidates for cadres , and other links , and strictly ensure the selection and appointment of cadres and make a good job of political asylum work , so as to win the trust of the people and to select cadres who have obtained the trust of the masses at all levels .
we should step up inspection of the implementation of the regulations on appointing cadres , seriously investigate and deal with any behavior that violates the regulations on appointing cadres , and resolutely check unhealthy practices and corrupt phenomena in employing people .
we should supervise and investigate the use of personnel in serious violation of regulations and intensify supervision and investigation .
we should establish and improve the system of holding accountable cadres to be selected and appointed . in accordance with the principle of having the power and responsibility in the same way , we should scientifically define the contents of responsibility for all links in the work of selecting and appointing cadres , clarify the form of investigation , and intensify the effort to investigate and affix the results .
we should give full play to the role of mass supervision and establish a mechanism for making easy the masses to report the cases and to ensure safety .
we should give play to the role of public opinion supervision , and report to the media the relevant situation of the work of selecting and appointing cadres to accept supervision by public opinion .
the opinion points out : we should further improve the mechanism for coordinating the work of supervising cadres .
organization ( personnel ) departments should strengthen coordination with discipline inspection organs , establish a system of management and supervision with the relevant discipline inspection organs regarding the work of improving party style and building a clean and honest administration , and strengthen supervision and joint efforts .
in coordination with discipline inspection organs , they should conscientiously carry out inspection work , improve inspection methods , improve the inspection system , and improve the quality of inspection .
in coordination with the auditing organs , we have seriously implemented the system of auditing leading cadres ' economic responsibilities .
improve internal supervision mechanisms for selecting and appointing cadres in organization departments .
taiwan authorities to use illegal investment to mainland china as ' heavy penalty '
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the taiwan authorities ' economic affairs departments decided on the 15th to punish taiwan 's yuru electronics co. , one of taiwan 's balkans , ( lianhua lianhua electronics co. ltd. , nt $ 55 million , because it provided illegal and unauthorized support for the construction of the warship and science and technology corporation on the mainland .
taiwan 's " china times " reported that this was the result of chen shui - bian 's vigorous management of the cross - strait economic and trade policy , and the taiwan authorities ' punishment of taiwan businessmen investing in the mainland .
it is reported that the taiwan investment ministry 's investment in the case of the arbitrary cairo was fined because it violated the regulations governing relations between the people on both sides of the strait and the rules on permission for investment or technological cooperation in the mainland .
in the future , the speculation will be followed by former chairman of the united nations power corporation cao xingcheng and others .
the case of hyundai power started in february 2005 . at that time , the taiwan procuratorial and control department used as many as 100 people to conduct a surprise inspection of the residential and office of the high - ranking officials , claiming that the united microelectronics company had illegally provided capital and human resources for the investment and ship science and technology in the mainland .
cao xingcheng , who was then chairman of the board of directors of lianhe electronics , said openly that lianhao does not violate any regulations of the taiwan authorities , and that it is to help the united nations power company in providing long - term benefits for the united nations . if it does not enter the mainland market as soon as possible , it will lose business opportunities .
after that , the taiwan authorities ' financial supervisory and management committee , on the grounds that they violated relevant regulations on commercial information , imposed a fine of nt $ 3 - million on lien chan .
on 9 january 2006 , the united nations telecommunications corporation 's board of directors accepted the resignation of cao xingcheng , and cao xingcheng was officially charged for being suspected of investing in the mainland in violation of regulations several hours later .
the united microelectronics corporation and the taiwan chip circuits ( cicm ) have also claimed that taiwan 's chip mach is the leading taiwan hi - tech enterprise .
in the past year , the taiwan authorities have been seriously criticized by various circles on the island for a series of actions taken by the united nations .
hk , macao , taiwan , second largest chinese film festival to be held in macao
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) the second china - macao joint declaration of the macao heinous giant announced in beijing on the 17th that the chinese people around the world are collecting a plate of folk songs from macao , which is the main part of our mind .
the essay contest was jointly organized by the macao foundation and the hundred flowers literature and art publishing house , and chen jianfu , vice chairman of the chinese writers association , and others as chairmen of the appraisal committee .
in 2004 , on the occasion of the fifth anniversary of macao 's return to the motherland , the first time in my heart of macao 's chair of putonghua was held . the chinese and foreign literature enthusiasts responded positively . the organizing committee received more than 8,000 entries , and more than 10 winners at home and abroad were invited to the macao sar to accept the award .
wu zhiliang , executive member of the macao foundation , said at a news conference on the 17th that last year , the historical city of macao was included in the world cultural heritage list , which not only indicated that the macao people 's long way of life and the model of community management were affirmed by the world but also meant that the chinese nation 's friendly and cultural traditions were passed on and developed in the macao sar .
wu zhiliang said : it is precisely under this good cultural atmosphere that the macao foundation and the hundred flowers literary and artistic publishing house " have decided to cooperate again to hold the second year of the macao chessboard in my heart , and he hoped that the participants will display their patriotic love for macao through their works , show macao 's unique humane atmosphere of harmony , and enjoy stability and harmony in the special administrative region and prosperity , and establish a fresh image of macao 's new and prosperous city
the competition was concluded on september 1 this year , with the " foreign edition of the bulletins " to open a special column for the participants .
after the results of the evaluation are announced , they will hold a ceremony to commend the winners in the macao sar in early 2007 .
shandong province to implement one baby patient heart transplant operation
jinan , february 17 ( xinhua ) the jinan military region 's central institute of cardiovascular disease recently successfully carried out a baby baby baby heart transplant operation .
on the 17th , the reporter saw in the heavy disease control room that the 51 - day baby was full of red crunch , and all monitoring and inspection indexes were normal , and they were smoothly passing the dangerous period of operation , and they were playing with great interest the toys bought by medical personnel .
according to the medical doctor who was receiving treatment on that day , the patient from the town of ta'an in shandong was sent to the hospital by his parents , and was all green and purple . after checking and diagnosing the diagnosis of the cyanosis , he had to carry out heart transplant .
the heart transplant surgery is the most difficult and most complicated operation in heart surgery .
in particular , the baby children under one year old are still empty in china .
the institute of cardiovascular diseases of the jinan military region organized experts to repeatedly argue that it carefully designed the operation and the aftermath of the operation and the plan for the control of the trench to innovate on its own and conducted an animal test .
at 08:00 on 28 december 2005 , the operation officially started .
the body of the body was born in a hospital in which a person who had been distressed by a natural lung or a respiratory diarrhea caused by bad breathing .
the operation coincides with six blood pipes , which are more than 510 nets , with each needle of less than 3 millimeters .
the operation was successfully completed after 295 minutes .
the state administration of safety : the number of major and serious accidents such as mine - coalmines is more and more of the top priority this year .
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) four major incidents of a disaster that occurred one after another in which more than 100 people were killed , the grim situation in the past year in the country 's production safety has made the major incidents of coalmine and other coalmines the top priority of the work of the national safety supervision this year .
the reporter learned from the state administration of safety production and management on 17 july that in order to truly curb the frequent occurrence of major and serious accidents such as coal mines , coal mines are the most important tasks .
the state administration of safety and safety will do the following three things this year :
huanqiu continued to fight a battle of tackling the problem .
this year , the woodlands administration will first place the oils in a prominent position .
if the gas pits are not pumped first , then they will be ordered to stop immediately according to law .
prc : zhejiang province to continue to fight a battle to rectify and close down the battle .
we must put the 5243 public notice to the society , and the 700 coal mine pits that have been reported recently in various localities to the letter to the police .
we should regard closing down as a regular task and should continuously close down those coal mines that undermine the environment of natural resources and do not have the safety conditions .
the coal mine safety foundation should be strengthened .
we must immediately correct the problem of curbing the slope in the management of large state - owned mines , and establish a standardized safety management system in small mines that are in chaos in management .
in particular , we must pay attention to key state - owned coal mines and absolutely must not allow excessively high - intensity ferrous and overly - constructed coal mines to produce .
this year , the production safety control index required that the number of deaths of all types across the country decreased by 3 percent from last year , with coal mine down 3.55 percent .
the accident , which killed more than 10 people , was reduced by 55 percent in the number of accidents , with coal mine falling by 7-7 percent .
these control targets have been assigned to the provincial - level people 's governments , and all localities are now implementing them at the grassroots level and in enterprises at all levels .
statistics show that in 2005 , 5986 miners were killed in coal mine accidents , down by 0.7 percent from the same period last year .
however , an extraordinarily serious accident involving more than 10 people was raised , with the number of victims rising by 66.6 percent over the same period last year .
barroso calls for more cooperation in kosovo
belgrade , february 17 ( xinhua ) the plishtia news agency ( subhead ) the european commission ( ec ) said here on thursday that the european union ( eu ) will continue to hold talks with the parties concerned in the future process of the negotiations on the status of kosovo and will work for the eventual establishment of a democratic and multi - ethnic kosovo .
barroso met with the president of the interim authority of cote d'ivoire , the serbian serbian serbian national assembly , and others , saying that all parties concerned in kosovo should adopt a lenient attitude and establish a democratic and multi - ethnic kosovo , and that only kosovo , which respects the government 's political power and protects the rights and interests of ethnic minorities , can be recognized by the international community .
he also stressed that the european commission would do its utmost to help kosovo 's development .
barroso also expressed his appreciation for the efforts made by the united nations in implementing the eight standards for the democratic process in kosovo .
he said that the implementation of these standards is a key factor that affects the integration of kosovo and europe .
he also called on all serbian people in kosovo to join various institutions in kosovo to make efforts to realize the integration of democracy and the multi - ethnic groups in kosovo .
barroso arrived in the capital of plashkiana on the same day for a one - day visit .
earlier , barroso visited croatia and serbia and montenegro , and will visit macedonia and bosnia .
( winter olympic games , stimulant ) news analysis : the dispatch of the liuja incident may not be over - settled .
turin , february 17 ( xinhua ) the dispatch of the litigation of the child may be unsettled
xinhua news agency , gao peng , ding ying
although italy repeatedly claimed that the turin olympic games were uncovered and used stimulants during the turin olympics , all athletes might face the jail plunging , but judging from various circumstances , this kind of situation is not likely to happen in this winter olympic games 's first scandal of stimulant , and the two russian basketball players , the main players , the two of them , were on the list .
the dulingdong olympic association announced its first ever doping scandal since its opening on 16 april . org parova was found to have used a number of banned drug cards .
the international olympic committee announced the following day that the dispatch of leova was already out of the winter olympic games , and she received a silver medal in the women 's 15 - kilometer individual tournament at the winter olympic games this year .
the world winter team made a decision on the same day on the same day to punish the lippa ban for two years .
the international olympic committee has always been providing that athletes are found to use stimulants at the olympic games , and will be cancelled and deprived of their competency , but they are not punished by the law .
however , according to the italian law , athletes are allowed to bring and use stimulants because of their crimes . the judiciary has the right to directly arrest and investigate the athletes who use stimulants . the court of final appeal is still faced with a period of three months to three years .
in december last year , the international olympic committee and the italian government , after a year of bargaining , finally reached an agreement , which both sides agreed to handle the use of stimulants by athletes in line with the italian law during the winter olympics .
with the unremitting efforts of the international olympic committee , italy made a concession four days before the opening of the winter olympics , pledging that the police would not enter the olympic village to search for the athletes ' places of residence , but the athletes with positive drug screens will still accept investigation by the italian procuratorial organs .
it is reported that the italian government supervised the duentin winter olympic games , perstan , who has handed over the doping incident to the duling procuratorial organs .
however , the international olympic committee and peter sandy have not yet confirmed this .
russian winter team team diandrov announced at noon on the 17th that the dispatch of the parova had left turin and returned to china .
the world anti - doping agency , which has been in office for many years , believes that once the parovascular is sent back to china , it will be possible to have a chance to get a free hand .
shi kangcheng said that the international olympic committee and the italian government have never had a thorough settlement of the issue of anti - doping in the winter olympics , and even the italian procuratorial organs are really involved in this matter , it is hard to say .
according to the previous practice of the italian law of the use of stimulant cases for athletes in italy , the heaviest penalties for those who have been banned are just the two years of imprisonment suspended execution .
therefore , piei , a senior italian reporter at the anthony news agency , said that the possibility of leava entering the prison was small , and the top was fine .
pierre also said that although the italian court could be held in a absence of trial , it was impossible for the italian police to send their litigants back to the country to serve the sentence .
if a prisoner is sent to the court , it will be impossible for the italian side to take her .
xinhua : new bird flu outbreak continues to occur in countries in the world
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the number of bird flu cases has been spreading in the african continent , according to a report by xinhua news agency .
the world health organization confirmed on the 17th that three areas in egypt had been found dead of bird flu virus .
in europe , france has also discovered for the first time the five - type bird flu virus , and europe has been highly vigilant and has stepped up measures to prevent the spread of the virus .
the world health organization 's east china sea region advisor hassan - rallah said to the press on the 17th that the current outbreak of the bird flu in the central egypt 's cairo , jisa , and the three southern minoa regions has already discovered the dead birds infected with the bird flu virus , and relevant departments of the egyptian government have started to kill poultry suspected of infected with the bird flu .
egypt is a country in the middle east and north africa where migratory birds are migrated , and the possibility of migratory birds carrying the avian flu virus into china is very great .
egypt has announced that it has banned imports of live poultry from abroad and has stepped up quarantine at border ports .
the first case of a chicken farm in the city of jenon , the capital of cameron , has been confirmed in the past week .
cameron has decided to suspend imports of all poultry and pork from nigeria , which has been infected with the bird flu , and suspend all poultry and related products in the markets of the two countries .
the government has also built a comprehensive national epidemic monitoring network within a short period of time , and the baradei center and the national veterinary medical laboratory in that country are also in an emergency awaiting order to carry out the testing of the lethal 1 virus at any time .
in europe , denmark and sweden , the epidemic was initially ruled out on the 17th .
the swedish institute of sweden released a report on the results of the tests on the dead swan found on wednesday , indicating that the swedish has not infected the avian flu virus .
preliminary laboratory results from the state veterinary administration of denmark also showed that the 30 dead swans found in the territory of denmark recently had no avian influenza virus .
however , the agriculture department said that denmark still could not lower its guard .
the number of bird flu cases has been in the country since the beginning of this year , with world health organization experts said in bucharest on the 17th that there are almost all bird flu cases in the danube delta , and romania may be threatened by the bird flu in three years or five years .
in bangladesh , asia , the government has taken all necessary measures to prevent avian influenza .
the government 's livestock services bureau has provided relevant officials with books on the prevention of avian influenza , and has also organized the poultry farmers to train .
china 's first blood information management system in zhejiang province
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the first chinese blood information management network system ( nss ) has been officially established and put into use in the center recently , according to the zhejiang blood center .
the official in charge of the blood center of zhejiang province said that this means that in the future , any citizen will participate in the donation of blood for blood without permission in any county ( city ) in zhejiang province , and that he will have a unique codes . when he again donates blood , as long as the relevant documentation record , the blood donation time for the blood donation of the person 's blood , and so on , it will be able to show whether he can
the responsible person further explained that if the relevant code - based record is imported , the system will show that the blood donors are not separated , and will be dissatisfied with the current blood donation .
this not only can protect the health of the donors themselves , but also effectively protect the health and safety of the blood users .
in addition , when blood supply is strained , the donors and their families have the right to give priority to blood , and as long as they import the effective documents of the donors , they can immediately show the information of the donors , which is quite convenient .
according to a report in hangzhou 's " today 's morning post , " the information system has now been put into use by all 36 blood - bearing organizations in the province , and the blood resources of all blood - bearing organizations in the province can also be displayed in real time , thus realizing the data sharing of the entire province .
to prevent the recurrence of a landslide in the philippines , 11 villages in the philippines were ordered to evacuate from emergency
manila , february 18 ( xinhua ) the philippine government has decided to impose a new set of sanctions against the country in 11 villages in the eastern philippines , according to philippine local officials on monday .
the south korean government has decided to impose a new ban on the village , a senior official said .
the residents of 11 villages that were evacuated will be placed in seven evacuation centers .
leyis said that the government ordered the evacuation of residents yesterday and sent people to inspect these villages today because some people did not want to leave their home .
the mountain slide incident on the 17th occurred in a village in the town of santou , south lilittra , and the earth and stone were buried in the entire village from the television screen , and only a few roof could be seen .
as the soil is very thick and humidity is very great , the hopes that people buried below are very lucky .
at present , 109 people have been killed , while another 57 have been rescued .
it is estimated that the number of deaths caused by the accident may reach 1800 .
fujian , fujian to promote cooperation in overseas chinese in first month
fuzhou , february 19 ( xinhua ) the state council has decided to set up a new export tax system in the country in the first half of this year , according to the state statistics bureau .
according to customs statistics , in january , quanzhou exported 330 million us dollars , the best in history , up 35.2 percent year - on - year , and higher than the province 's average growth .
according to the analysis by the quanzhou foreign economic and trade bureau , the reason why quanzhou 's foreign trade can grow at a high rate in january was mainly due to the fact that enterprises ' export enthusiasm was rising under the influence of many measures for supporting foreign trade in quanzhou , the economy in quanzhou was active , enterprises ' business confidence was enhanced , and the highly efficient and unimpeded environment for foreign trade development .
