the gross domestic product ( gdp ) of the claimant was stolen by two mobile computers found in the vendor .
tokyo , june 6 , 2007 ( afp )
london 's daily newsletter pointed out that the two records of the daidia 's death in paris in 1997 were computer , which was used by the former metropolitan police chief .
the report pointed out that the theft case has caused people to guess that the computer might have a computer that was concealed by the former chief of the metropolitan police , sir steve smith .
however , a man who is a police officer in metropolitan city said that no sensitive information was found on the computer or was related to the investigation .
mr steven kostunica is the first british nobel jackson to visit the united kingdom .
the report said that the noisy police station 's tutor had been in the air for 10 days , and had been investigating two cases of theft .
first , the incident occurred on january 28 - 29 .
the nobel prize winner also said that there was no evidence to suggest that the two theft cases and the thomas jones were related .
mr steven kostunica has been looking for the princess of the princess of the princess , not directly leading the cause of the accident .
the royal family will be kept in the hospital in 2004 , and the corpse will continue to be searched for the relevant evidence .
daimler 's princess diana died in a paris tunnel on august 31 , 1997 , and she was injured together with her .
the french police have been investigating the case for two years , believing that the reason is that the number of fast - track vehicles was too high because of drunk driving and taking drugs .
sri lanka 's two sides agreed to hold talks in geneva in late october
tokyo , march 15 , 2007 ( afp )
the number of hostels in the middle of the peace process has been reduced by a total of 12,000 people , said norwegian police , who agreed to hold talks in geneva , switzerland on the 22 nd of this month , but to seek a stalemate in the three - year - long period of racial bloodshed .
norwegian special envoy for peace solheim said in a meeting with tanjug tigers in london that the talks between tanjuan liberation tigers had been made .
norwegian embassy in beijing issued a statement saying that the clashes were caused by the clashes in sri lanka , that is , the tigers ' group of the sri lankan government and the tamil tiger liberation organization , and demanded that norwegian government help the two days of negotiations in geneva on february 22 .
the two - day talks will focus on how to strengthen the two - day talks on the ceasefire agreement which will take effect on 23 february 2002 , and this agreement has never been fully observed by the two sides .
norwegian embassy pointed out that the two sides will discuss how to improve the implementation of the ceasefire agreement , which is also the first high - level face - to - face talks between the two sides over the past three years .
sony said that he was very glad to lead a norwegian team to participate in the talks , and the four members of the tigers of the tamil tigers ' group , the sri lankan government , led by the minister of health .
he said : the overgrown fog is the only road leading to peace , but it is important that the process of negotiations will be very difficult .
the solution to the racial conflict in sri lanka was a major step taken by the united states in march 2003 , but the taninan liberation tiger organization was abolished by the united states , which originally scheduled to be held in thailand in april 2003 .
du lin is the only one in the south and the north korean representative team to join hands in the opening of the winter olympics
tokyo , march 22 , 2007 ( afp )
article 20 the winter olympics is held in the northern part of du lin today . during the cold war period , south korea and north korea , each of them , the delegations of both sides , together in the advance ceremony .
south korean women 's skyrocketing li baola and north korean men 's flower skating korean kkorean chair respectively took up the post of the chief of the two delegations , leading north korean representative team to the winter olympic games .
this is the first time that south korea and north korea have held a grand olympic games in the winter olympics .
to reflect the recent economic growth of the two sides , the two sides have made a lot of preparations for the sydney olympics and the athens olympics 2004 summer olympics .
north korea also did not participate in the us salt city conference held in salt lake city .
the korean peninsula was established in 1948 as a " republic of korea " of the north korean peninsula that was practicing capitalism , and the two sides had engaged in mutual hostility during the korean war period from 1900 to 1953 .
the southern city of north korea has been in the hands of the south korean leader after the peace summit in 2000 .
according to traditional , greek representative team is the first country to participate in the competition , with the participation of 80 countries , south korea is the 22 nd largest ballet north korea is the 23 - entry country .
the landlords and the rightist representative team are the last country . when the righteous group entered the stadium , the team immediately sounded in the stadium and cheered and cheered .
harrman had indulged in drugs , lucky to await the start of the performing arts .
tokyo , april 16 , 2007 ( afp )
the united states , which is generally recognized , has the greatest hope to win this year 's osaka film capture the emperor : the slavent blood - stained man 's main player , peter perut , disclosed that he had been indulged in drugs and wine when he was small and lucky , and was later successfully brought to the peak of his performing arts .
harrman said in an interview with cbs news magazine in the united states that he was not very happy when he was in the 60 minutes of his office . in that period , he was really unscrupulous in order to obtain drugs and wine .
at that time , he was only 20 years old and just started from the new york university 's drama department and entered a society of five light and colorful , and the daily living steps were quickly whipped , and finally he turned his head into a coma and lost control .
he said in his 22 years of age he had entered the reregon and had taken off the alcohol and drugs , and that was the most panic in his life .
the upcoming " shanghai five " summit will be held next month .
in this regard , he had a superb skill long ago . he had already won many awards .
this official said that the 38 - year - old actor had not been able to get the most impressive result before becoming a famous actor .
he said : he is very envy for those who were 19 years old and suddenly became obsolete and elegant .
the avian flu is in the process of four years of the outbreak of avian influenza in europe and the people of liya are panicky .
tokyo , march 16 , 2007 ( afp )
the avian flu virus is in the process of spreading in europe , causing panic .
the eu executive committee has approved the establishment of a more flexible and dynamic zone to control the area of discovery of viruses in the context of management and prohibition of the delivery of all poultry and birds .
the african countries have made great efforts to find out the fatal cases of 5:1 virus after the eight days of fatal cases have been discovered .
egypt officials are investigating the death of a chicken farm in southern egypt .
the european chicken market has been affected by the virus and the big decline has been seen in the eu commission , which stressed that there is no reason for this to panic .
the executive committee is responsible for the safety of food and food , mr norman said the public was concerned about this matter . however , it does not need to be overreaction .
following the previous regulations , the virus found three kilometers of surrounding areas and 10 kilometers of warning zones , the eu commission again wore new regulations to remove the virus from the european union .
first , a us military official who declined to be named pointed out that everyone is nervous and that they will come to the mainland to handle the matter from all over europe and suspect the outbreak of the epidemic .
the european region has so far established a total of more than 10 million austrian vendors , including the greasspields , the romano , the slovenian veraco , the russian territory in europe , and so on . all these have appeared in the traces of 5001 viruses , almost all of which are found in the wild swans .
romanian president romanian king juan carlos said on the 16 th that the 31 cases were discovered in slovenia and ruins in greece and in rugenodo island in germany .
the italian government has been in the southern part of the country to detect the avian flu virus on two ducks , the first in europe to be infected with the h5gloves , which were infected with the rock - shaped one virus .
the eu officials are most worried about the upcoming entry of the african migratory birds .
the government of nigeria is strengthening its work to prevent the spread of viruses in the african continent .
the national government of nigeria announced that all the poultry farms in the vicinity of the infected farms are within five kilometers of total fowls , no matter whether they are under the threat of the virus , all of them have been destroyed .
neighboring countries , the niger government announced that the whole country has entered a warning state and allocated $ 4 million in emergency plans to monitor the border with nigeria .
the newly established national emergency committee said that they had received notification that the two countries had a relaxed security border in the maria region , which is loose from the alert of the two countries .
china 's electronic banking industry has been in the process of developing its electronic banking business on 1 march .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 6 ( reporter han jie and xu bo ) - - the china banking regulatory commission ( cbrc ) on the 6th learned that the recently released " procedures for managing electronic banking business " and " guidelines for assessing the safety of electronic banking " will be implemented on 1 march 2006 .
the china banking regulatory commission said that according to the regulations of management , foreign financial institutions ' relevant examination and approval methods have basically remained unchanged , that is , foreign banks ' branches have been allowed to operate internet banking business , and if they need to increase the variety of their internet banking business , they should be reported to the bank for a unified report on the main business in china .
to standardize commercial banks ' use of the internet to conduct banking business , the people 's bank of china formulated and promulgated the " provisional procedures for managing internet banking business " in june 2001 .
the china banking regulatory commission said that with the rapid development of the business of the commercial banks ' electronic banking business , the provisional measures could not meet the requirements of the e - banking regulatory system . the banking regulatory commission has formulated two new regulations for this purpose .
according to the cbrc spokesman , the cbrc has made a positive contribution to the recognition of the quality of its safety evaluation institutions , which are different from the administrative licensing of industry access or enterprise qualification , and not the necessary conditions for assessing the business of electronic banking security , which is only the reference of the financial institutions in selecting the appraisal bodies .
only when we ensure that the safety assessment organization meets the requirements and requirements , and if it has not been confirmed by the cbrc 's senior quality , financial institutions can also employ the relevant e - banking safety assessment , but they should carry out management according to the relevant regulations .
the " electronic banking business management method " has a total of nine chapters and 99 articles , which are divided into four categories , namely , the general motors application and the changing of the management of the operation , the management of the trans - border business activities , the management of the legal liabilities and appendix , etc.
the " electronic banking safety assessment guidelines " have five chapters and 57 chapters , which are divided into four categories , namely , the evaluation system of safety assessments , the implementation of safety evaluation activities , and the appendix .
the " mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , deng xiaoping , and chen yun 's " investigation and study " , published
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 6 , the " mao zedong zhou enlai , " compiled by the central party literature research center , deng xiaoping , deng xiaoping , and deng xiaoping , recently published and distributed by the central party literature publishing house .
and go deep into the realities to conduct investigation and study , persist in integrating theory with practice , and formulate and implement the correct line , principles , and policies , which is the basic experience and basic working method of the cpc leadership in building revolutionary projects .
comrade mao zedong said : " the truth of the truth of the truth of the times is that the older generation of revolutionaries , including deng xiaoping , made many important and elite statements on the investigation and study issues . they also frequently went deep into the grass roots to conduct social surveys and wrote many reports on the investigation .
they investigated and studied the practice and results of the study , which are of great significance to guiding the party and the people 's cause in advancing along the correct road .
the " mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , deng xiaoping , and chen yun 's investigation and study " are divided into three parts : the first part is the " study of the theory of investigation and study by mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation , and the second part is the essay of mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation on investigation and study ; the third part is the three " selected by mao zedong in the 1960s , and the
these surveys will mostly be the first public announcement .
in addition , they also carry two feature articles on the " theory of the party 's leadership in the 1950 s and 1960 s " .
russia reiterated that it will adhere to the one - china policy
xinhua news agency , moscow , february 6 , russian deputy foreign minister sergeyev said in a meeting with chinese ambassador to russia liu guchang on the 6th that russia adheres to the one - china policy .
the two countries have also maintained close cooperation in the political , economic , and cultural fields , and have also made positive contributions to the development of the relations between the two countries .
russia 's government has consistently upheld the one - china principle , firmly supported china 's efforts to realize the great cause of national reunification .
last year , the chinese npc adopted the " anti - secession law , " and russia took the lead in publicly expressing support .
the two countries have also maintained close cooperation in the political , economic , and cultural fields , and have also maintained close cooperation in the political , economic , and cultural fields .
( overseas )
xinhua news agency , johannesburg , february 6 ( reporter chen ming ) - the chinese people 's liberation army ( pla ) , fujian province , lin yixing , was arrested in a local bar in the early morning of 5 february local time in south africa . in the early morning of 6 february , the burunan hospital in the south african judicial capital , was saved and died .
according to the statistics of the free state council , the incident occurred in the burundi northwest of more than 130 kilometers , and the incident occurred in a restaurant in the city of verkova , about 130 kilometers northwest of burundi .
at that time , the shop owner , lin yixing , picked up the materials inside the station and was preparing to end his business for one day .
at that time , there were three customers in the shop , one of them pulled their hands and rifles into the bar and carried out robbery .
in the past 40 years , lin yixing and the ruffians waged a struggle against lin yixing . the robbers fled after they fled .
the chinese people 's association for friendship with foreign countries and the chinese people 's association for friendship with foreign countries , and the chinese people 's association for friendship with foreign countries , as lin yixing was sent to the hospital to save lin yixing 's medical treatment .
on 6 february , the chinese embassy in the federal republic of yugoslavia [ fry ] , xu defu , head of the chinese consulate general in jordan , and lin changming , vice president of the association of china 's fujian fellow countrymen in south africa , rushed to burunan to assist the family of the dead in handling the aftermath .
" the government has been making great efforts to help the victims to escape the death of the kidnappers within 36 hours and is also the fourth victim of the murder of south africa since the beginning of this year .
( press photos )
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 7 , shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau issued the latest information on labor and social security instructors ' wages on the 6th , with a total of 120 positions , an increase of 11 over the previous job , with the original position being raised in the last round .
according to statistics from the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau , the current average daily labor force in shanghai has exceeded 1 million people .
according to the " china youth daily " report , college graduates and part - time employees are the main component of the hour work team .
through the study of nearly 8,000 hours of work , the investigation has been completed by more than half of the staff , with a total of 51.1 percent of the total number of part - time personnel .
the full - time workers ' cultural level is generally higher , mainly engaged in relatively strong technical work , such as transferring jobs , the proportion of part - time employees as high as 81.7 percent , the fitness category is 61.6 percent .
gao xingjian is a very important person in many people who are engaged in the work of taking part in the work of the same time .
according to information , the monthly income of individual posts can reach several hundred thousand yuan , and it will be hard to seek a job as if it is transmitted through the sound , and the monthly income of the hours ' work posts can reach more than 2,000 yuan , such as the number of part - time , part - time , part - time , and part - time , joint - venture ritual .
to satisfy the individual 's interest , expanding their knowledge is also part - time hours ' favored by part - time workers .
for instance , in the course of the management of human resources in a certain enterprise , mr. gu will spend a few hours a week to handle the financial accounts of a foreign representative office .
gu
as some hours work posts are on the low threshold , the employment pattern is flexible and free , and has gradually been welcomed by many graduates who are seeking jobs , 143 percent of them have been graduates of middle and primary schools for nearly three years .
the scene was very clear at the beginning .
college students , little huang graduated , found work unfulfilled .
the three - dimensional investigation of the work is very satisfactory .
according to information , the number of hours working has already become a number of graduates who are working hard to temper their skills and enhance communication skills , and they have become an important way to learn more about the social history .
the graduates are an hour - long job , mainly in knowledge and technology - based and highly skilled jobs , such as professional and highly professional translation posts , the thick of the times , the strong proportion of performing arts , with a ratio of 22.1 % and 26.8 % respectively .
the average hours of work in some posts are not high , such as food marketing promoters and clerks , etc. , the unemployed personnel can take up jobs in simple training .
the figures showed that the number of hours workers was originally the number of unemployed people , accounting for 39.9 percent of the total number of unemployed in the retail sector , and the proportion of those in the catering industry was 58.7 percent , with an average wage of an hour becoming an important channel for the employment of the unemployed .
wu bangguo said : during the inspection tour of anhui ,
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 8 ( reporter zou shengwen ) - li peng , member of the standing committee of the political bureau of the cpc central committee , stressed during his recent inspection tour in anhui that it is necessary to use three important ideas of representative trifles as the guide , persist in taking the scientific development concept to guide the overall situation of economic and social development , conscientiously implement the central principles and policies , further emancipate the mind , and creatively carry out the scientific development concept
on 6 february and 8 february , wu bangguo inspected the work of wuyi lake in wuyi , wuxianshan , and other places , went deep into the countryside to inspect the agricultural science research institutes and institutes of higher learning .
wu bangguo pointed out : anhui has the advantages of linking east with west and west to the north . it is an important agricultural region of china , with rich natural resources and a relatively good industrial foundation , and a relatively strong scientific and technological force . it has rich cultural and tourism resources and great development potential .
the province should firmly grasp the two major themes of promoting the rise of central china , always adhere to the central task of economic construction without wavering , conscientiously implement the central principles and policies in connection with anhui 's realities , creatively carry out its work , and implement the scientific development concept in the practical work .
we should promptly sum up practical experience , fully rely on the masses of the people , vigorously support reform and innovation , and constantly open up new prospects for the work in anhui .
we should actively promote the building of a harmonious society , and persist in properly protecting development of the broadest masses of the people as the fundamental starting point and end point of all our work , actively create conditions , and gradually resolve practical problems that are difficult to the masses , gradually readjust distribution relations , gradually change the dual structure of the urban and rural areas , and safeguard and realize social justice , and enable all the people to share the fruits of reform and development .
wu bangguo stressed : china has reached the stage of having more dependence on enhancing its ability to innovate independently and improving the quality of laborers to promote economic and social development . only by vigorously promoting scientific and technological progress and innovation can we achieve a leap in the quality of productive forces and truly turn economic and social development onto the track of scientific development .
we should establish and perfect a system of systems and mechanisms that are conducive to innovation as soon as possible , increase input in science and technology , encourage patent inventions , develop famous brands , speed up the transformation of scientific and technological achievements into productive forces , strengthen the dominant position of enterprises in independent innovation , and constantly raise the contribution rate of scientific and technological progress to economic growth .
we should support and encourage the participation of technological factors in distribution , establish and perfect a statistical target system that embodies independent innovation capability , study and formulate financial and taxation policies and government procurement policies that support independent innovation , and form a policy system that encourages independent innovation .
we should , in the entire society , cultivate a sense of innovation , vigorously advocate the spirit of daring to innovate and compete with others , and strive to create a good atmosphere for the emergence of talent .
wu bangguo pointed out : the npc has played a very important role in the process of building a socialist country ruled by law .
to do a good job in the work of the people 's congress under the new situation , first , we should adhere to the correct political direction , unswervingly take the road of political development with chinese characteristics , and organically unite upholding the party 's leadership and governing the country according to law .
second , we should closely center on the overall situation of the work of the party and the state , closely center our work around the major issues of reform , development , and stability , carry out work closely around hot and difficult issues of common concern to the masses , and constantly enhance the effectiveness of the work of the people 's congress .
third , we should give full play to the characteristics and advantages of the npc work , adhere to democratic centralism , act according to the law , and make collective decisions on problems .
we should persistently follow the mass line , take people as the foundation , and exercise power for the people , and be concerned about the people and seek benefits for the people .
china 's proposal to open up more space for future 15 years
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 9 ( reporter li xing ) in order to enhance china 's international competitiveness and vigorously promote sustainable development , the state council issued the " national medium and long - term scientific and technological development plan " on 9 february . the " outline of the national medium and long - term scientific and technological development program ( 2006 - 2020 ) " has four major scientific research plans .
this four - point scientific plan is the first step in the research of protein 's weight scuffle , the control of the layer 's breast , and the development and reproductive research .
the outline points out that protein science is the most important and most important human genome in the current intense contention among developed countries .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on studying the transformation of important biological systems , such as the study of protestors , the study of the crystal , the fervor of the crystal biology , and the interactive protein - related biology and system biology , protein - protein research methods , and relevant applied basic research .
the outline also holds that the quantitative regulation and control study has clear farsightedness and may be completed in 20-30 years .
china will focus on studying the feasibility of the carrier and regulation and control principles and methods of quanzi communications , calculating the quantitative figure , and being limited to the small quantum system , the new principles for quantitative regulation and control , and the new principles and new technological foundation for measurement .
in addition , the outline points out that nanometer technology has become the main strategic choice for many countries to enhance their core competitiveness and is also one of the fields that china can achieve leapfrog development .
in the next 15 years , china will continue to focus on research in this area , including the control of nanotechnology , the control of nanosphere , and the functional , the nice fervor physics , nanometer medical , and nimeter gynchronosomes , as well as the fertilizer technology , the technology of nanimity , and the technology of nasdaq , the technology of information technology , and other applied
china 's population growth is large , and there are many flaws of birth , and there are serious shortages of transplant organs , and the peak of aging is approaching . therefore , it is urgently necessary to make breakthroughs in reproductive and reproductive scientific theories and technological innovation .
according to the outline , the total number of chinese people 's population in the world will be increased by 2020 , with the focus on the study of increasing the intensity of reproductive and regulating the movement of stem cells , the depression and rebirth functions of human reproductive functions , the safety and ethical principles of supporting reproductive and stem cells .
shanghai 's real estate price index fell by nearly seven percentage points last year .
xinhua news agency , shanghai , february 9 ( reporter huang tingjun ) - - the state 's macro regulation and control policy toward real estate industry in 2005 has been obviously achieved in shanghai .
according to the latest data , the total number of shanghai real estate industrial targets last year was quite obvious , or the growth rate was slowing down .
among them , the prices of residential properties fell by 6.6 percentage points compared with the previous year , and the increase in the real estate industry was 4.1 percent lower than that of the previous year .
the shanghai statistics bureau director pan jian recently pointed out at a news briefing that in 2005 , the average sales price of residential housing in shanghai was 698 yuan / square meters , an increase of 313 yuan over 2004 .
the annual average price of residential sales was up 9.222 percent over the previous year , a 6.6 percentage point drop over the same period last year .
the annual real estate market value added was 670.223 billion yuan , down 41.1 percent from the previous year .
in the financial institutions , the outstanding amount of loans for housing mortgages was 264.494 - billion yuan , the new figure of the year was only 0.4494 - billion yuan , and the new loan amount for the year of 2004 was 72.09 - billion yuan .
pan jianxin said : from the year of the shanghai real estate sales price , the sales prices of commercial housing are stable .
the statistics also showed that according to the latest data , the total number of real estate price rises in shanghai in 2005 has somewhat dropped , and the average sales price of residential housing is 698 yuan / square meters , up 313 yuan over the sales of per square meter in 2004 .
2000-2005
according to him , the total number of shanghai real estate development investment was 124.66 - billion yuan last year , up 6.1 percent over the previous year .
sales volume was 3158.87,000 square meters , a drop of 9.5 percent .
the annual commodity sales volume was 21.1631 - billion yuan , down 45.5 percent from the previous year .
the two light aircraft were flying in new zealand for a long time .
xinhua news agency , wellington , february 9 , two new zealand light aircraft crashed in the northwestern part of huilton , about 100 kilometers north of the capital , killing two people at the airport , the news agency said .
according to the local civil aviation department 's relevant responsible person , the two aircraft 's driver was the marxuan university 's flight academy . they also were receiving training . they have not yet obtained the flight license .
after the incident , two planes were in a non - air control area and were flying at the airport in accordance with the regulations .
first , a man was found dead in the scene of the incident .
another man who had witnessed the accident also confirmed that the us military had heard a huge explosive sound before the plane crashed and saw the crash .
at present , the number of reasons for the collision between aircraft is not clear , and the local civil aviation department will investigate this .
( overseas )
xinhua news agency , buenos aires , february 8 ( reporter cao yu ) - - the chinese delegation of overseas chinese and ethnic chinese residing in argentina issued a solemn statement on the 8th , strongly condemning chen shui - bian 's recent statements of intimidation and opposition to any attempt to split taiwan from china .
the statement said that chen shui - bian 's visit to china on 29 january claimed that he would scrap the national unification council and the national unification program and would be a hand - made step in the form of taiwan independence .
the two sides of the strait are full of hope for peace , and the desire of taiwan compatriots for peace and stability will face severe challenges .
the statement pointed out : resolutely opposing and curbing pro - taiwan independence separatist activities and safeguarding peace and stability in the taiwan strait are still the common tasks of the compatriots on both sides of the strait and the chinese society in the world at present .
the statement stressed that argentina 's peaceful reunification is willing to join all the chinese people from both sides of the strait who uphold the one - china principle , and that argentina will resolutely oppose any form of overpowering taiwan independence and actively promote china 's peaceful reunification .
china 's experts : the united states advocates china military threat is unreasonable and groundless accusations
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 9 ( reporter li xuanliang ) - - the us pentagon recently made a formal report to the congress on the " four - year defense assessment report " which was officially submitted to the us congress . it said that china 's most valuable experience could be the emerging power that could pose a military challenge to the united states .
experts believe that this is a challenge to china 's normal national defense construction , and exaggerating china 's military threat theory is a serious interference in china 's internal affairs .
the " four - year defense assessment report " is the latest defense guidance document of the pentagon .
this report , which lasted as long as 92 pages , has expounded on china 's military strength in three sections and the us response , and has reported on 15 occasions directly to china 's western region or its western china 's pinnacle , and its lyric , as a major and emerging power , china has the greatest potential in conducting military competition with the united states , and if the united states does not have any anti - measures , china may very break the traditional military superiority , thus
china 's academy of military sciences , the world military research department , said that although senior us officials have repeatedly expressed similar viewpoints , this is the first time that the united states has made such a proposal in its national defense strategy report , and china is the most likely emerging power that could pose a military challenge to the united states .
the main reason for this report clearly defines russia for the first time as a new strategic competitor , especially the so - called " china threat theory " , has given more attention to the issue . the report has more attention .
china 's academy of military sciences researcher peng guangqian said :
it is noteworthy that in the " four - year defense assessment report " formally submitted to the united states , us president bush also submitted to congress the 2007 government budget , of which the defense budget was $ 43.93 - billion .
the main reason is that if the united states and the united states continue to cooperate with the united states in the coming years , the military action budget for iraq and afghanistan will exceed $ 500 billion in 2007 , setting a historic high . peng guangqian said that this is almost the same as the total military spending and the actual military spending of all other countries in the world .
peng guangqian said : the us plot to create false threat from other countries reflects the pentagon 's ability to produce enemy 's pervasive style , and its real purpose is to strive for more national defense funds and to win more support for the us munitions industry group .
experts said that compared with the enormous military outlays of the united states , china 's defense spending is quite limited .
zeng qinghong , member of the political bureau of the cpc central committee and vice premier of the state council , said that , as china 's national defense spending has increased since the 1990 s , it accounted for a fairly small percentage of the state 's expenditures in the same period .
the official figures show that the volume of trade between the two countries increased by 23.2 percent in 2004 and 1979 , compared with 1979 .
2000-2005 china 's defense expenditure is 24.656 - billion yuan , equivalent to about 1 / 14 of the united states , and the per capita military spending of the people is only about 1 / 60 of the us , and the per capita military spending is about 1 / 30 of the us military .
the united states ' land area and china 's territorial land are generally quite large , and the military spending is so huge , but the military strength is in the end beyond the proper defense needs . this is self - evident . this is self - evident . this is self - evident .
peng guangqian said :
china arms control and disarmament association research department director teng jianqun said that the us side should objectively assess the situation of china 's military construction , and china 's peaceful development does not mean that china and the united states will become their military rivals in the future .
the " 2004 china - 2004 national defense " white paper says that china firmly follows the path of peaceful development and practices a defensive national defense policy .
china has been in the past and will not be in any future , nor will it pose a threat to any country .
so far , china has not conducted any military exercises in any other country , nor has it sent troops to other countries .
the beijing university 's international relations institute professor zhu feng said : china and the united states should strengthen their mutual understanding and exchanges through the established channels , increase mutual understanding and mutual trust , and comprehensively promote the constructive and cooperative relations between china and the united states in the new century so as to jointly promote world peace and development .
( winter olympics )
xinhua news agency , duan , february 9 ( reporter ding ying ) the 20th winter olympics in the chinese capital will be held in the evening of 10 february , the capital of the city of duvert , officially unveiled a mysterious veil at 8 : 00 p.m . local time .
on 9 april , the winter olympics in the winter palace organized committee disclosed to reporters the exciting arrangements for the opening ceremony .
as for the opening ceremony , the organizing committee chairman carlos said he was confident that the meeting would be a success , and that the opening ceremony would cost a total of over 10 million euros , and would pool the top italian talent in all aspects .
he said : on 10 october night , the chinese people will unforgettably forget the 350,000 spectators and about 2 billion television audience around the world will see the scene of success at the opening ceremony , which is full of passive and successful opening .
the emotional flames of flames flames and the glory of the five rings of peace , the white pigeon of the alps and milk , will appear at the opening ceremony . the introduction of the cloud and the ferocious orous italian - style hua will become the theme of the opening ceremony and the most extensive orthodox meeting in history will show to the people the longstanding , colorful , and cultural olympics .
italy 's famous design master alemi specially wrote a special design for the opening ceremony , the famous italian fashion brand morino will provide the athletes ' entry - point guide .
however , the famous italian man 's voice pavilotti will be in the opening ceremony for a song , and the organizing committee will leave the suspense to the final .
8 students who can head the flame and flame the ice will be sprayed with three meters long flames to show the flames of flames , and they will be flown in the stadium at a speed of 70 kilometers .
the organizing committee officials held that this was the first time that they had made the most satisfactory in the opening ceremony .
the question of how to ignite the torch is not known to the organizing committee earlier , but the main torch station of the 57 - meter main torch will be as bright as well as the residents of the alps in the vicinity .
( international ) white house announces bush 's plan to visit pakistan and india in march
xinhua news agency , washington , february 9 ( reporter zhao yi and li xuejun ) - us white house spokesman mcclellan said at a news conference on the 9th that although the cartoon incident of blasphemy of the preemptive islamic world has triggered strong protests in the islamic world , president bush will still visit pakistan and india in march according to the plan .
mcclellan said : the bush administration is looking forward to visiting pakistan and india .
he also said that the current plan is being made for this visit .
mcclellan arrived in pakistan on the same day for a variety of demonstrations to protest against the blasphemous islamic prejudice against mohammad .
this january , the first meeting between bush and pakistani prime minister aziz at the white house , both sides expressed the wish to strengthen friendly cooperation to jointly crack down on terrorism that jeopardizes the security of the two countries .
bush also said that at the invitation of the pakistani and indian governments , he will pay a state visit to pakistan and india in march .
( international observation ) hamas assembled to seek breakthrough
xinhua news agency , ramallah , february 9 ( international observation ) hamas formed a cabinet to seek breakthroughs
xinhua news agency , beijing , june 25 ,
the palestinian islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) has won the election of the legislative council , how to skeptically draw the blueprint of the new government has become the focus of international attention at present .
hamas will implement any new policy , which will directly affect the progress of peace in the next stage , the relevant policy orientation of the parties concerned .
at the same time , the resistance attitude of the united states and israel has added more variables to the hamas government 's future .
at present , all the palestinians are stepping up consultations to hold consultations on the formation of the cabinet , which involves the difficulties and sensitive points of future developments .
( subhead ) premier posts flower
hamas won the bid to form the cabinet , some people in the outside were worried that hamas might meet with the current top leader abbas .
and , just as egypt is visiting , hamas leader mahassar stressed that hamas is led by hamas , the new palestinian government will not recognize israel , and this hard - line signal has also aggravated international worries .
the united states and israel explicitly expressed that they would not accept a hamas government that has the power to control the real situation and threatened to halt economic aid to palestine and to pass tax on it to palestine .
however , this does not prevent hamas from making a flexible strategy .
according to reports , in order to obtain the international recognition as the largest amount , hamas , which was recently assembled in egypt , decided to select an independent and islamic university board chairman maiulida alehuda , to be the new prime minister .
this is the first time that the chinese government has made a decision to raise the level of its foreign exchange reserves .
the palestinian analysts said that the united states will not be able to win the support of the palestinians , whether in the prime minister 's office or in the prime minister 's position , but only in this way can the organization be guaranteed .
( subhead ) power is the most important issue in distribution .
from internal perspective , hamas has formed a cabinet , the biggest challenge facing it is that it lacks sufficient governing experience .
the palestinian " daily " carried a signed article in which he analyzed : through social welfare projects , hamas has gathered in crowds , but it lacks experience in governing and has no connection with the palestinian national liberation movement , which has the experience in governing .
hamas has been in power for several years since the election , and has set up a political partnership with fatah , and has jointly established a national coalition government . however , fatah has not given a positive response to this day .
the fatah faction currently has a lot of opinions on whether to join the cabinet . a group of people favor participation in the new government , and a group of hamas refuses to invite hamas to invite him to form a vigorous opposition party in the legislative yuan .
the informed sources said that the chinese government has been very cautious in dealing with the abbas 's advice .
even though this is the case , hamas and fatah will also hold consultations on the distribution of cabinet posts .
in addition , another way is to establish a framework of the legislative yuan , which is beyond the party 's affiliated cabinet .
according to reports , hamas also designed a clean - up expert .
in view of the fact that the us and israel have taken a different attitude , the technical expert - type government has no choice but to form a cabinet method to alleviate external pressure .
according to the palestinian " basic law , " the new palestinian leader will be sworn in on 16 february after he took office in the new legislative committee . he will complete his nomination within three weeks and five weeks .
( subhead ) armed forces should not be allowed to go from the point of departure
hamas ' leaders have been organizing new government to face another challenge .
the united states and israel have adopted a very hard - line attitude , resolutely demanding that hamas give up violence and refuse to take part in the government with guns .
hamas leader mahassan stressed on 9 april that armed resistance is the core choice of the organization .
the armed issue is actually a legality of weapons and the ownership of armed forces is two - level issue of management .
hamas has been trying to use democracy and freedom to win the election of the first party in the legislative yuan , thus enabling its subordinate armed forces to be legalized .
hamas has proposed to include all factions to the palestinian national authority .
the palestinian state has 60,000 security personnel .
and , the fatah and some other organizations have also become weaker .
the responsible person of hamas , who is in charge of organizing the cabinet , must have a thorough understanding of the armed forces that abbas has managed these armed forces that are self - managed and rationally distribute their security management power .
according to local media reports , abbas intends to take charge of security and intelligence troops , police and civil defense organs , and other organizations , but the interior ministry of the new government is under the control of abbas .
however , all parties are still holding consultations on this sensitive issue , and so far no documents have been made .
china 's first release of extreme - level investigation reports
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 10 ( reporter li jianmin ) - the national oceanographic administration of china recently issued a " china 's polar survey report 2005 " , which is the first time china has issued this kind of report since it carried out extreme scientific surveys for more than 20 years .
the " report " comprehensively reflects the new situation of china 's polar scientific survey activities in 2005 , and the extreme - fervent and stubborn inspections of logistic support and the main progress and results of scientific research .
according to the " report , " the total number of people who died in the fire of the " falungong " cult in southern china was 2,215 hours ( beijing time ) on 9 january 2005 , and the highest altitude of the ice - covered area in the ice - covered area in the southern pole of the ice - covered plateau . at 315:15 hours ( beijing time ) on 18 january , the height of the densely populated area of the ice was 409@@
the three - month period of competition is increasingly fierce in the international arena . china 's strength is strong and unfettered , and is bold in opening up new fields . first , it has started a test of the extremely high - rise heat in the southwestern ice layer and succeeded in a single move , thus realizing the second dream of mankind in the antarctic .
the state oceanography bureau director sun zhihui said .
the " report " shows that the us - british joint anti - china military exercise , which was successfully completed on 24 march 2005 , returned to shanghai , has lasted 151 days and has a voyage of 26,500 nautical miles .
in the same year , china 's 22 nd southern pole survey team left shanghai and went to the antarctic zhongshan station to conduct scientific examination activities and will begin the scientific examination before the end of february 2006 . it will leave zhongshan station before the end of february 2006 .
as the chinese capital is the first to release the polar inspection report , the " 2005 china polar survey report " also makes a detailed analysis of the situation of china 's extreme extreme expeditions that started in the early 1980 s .
according to the " report , " in 1983 , china formally joined the " antarctic treaty " and became a member of the antarctic treaty organization and became a national science research committee under the nantic science research council , which was the most influential antarctic organization , among other countries in the antarctic treaty .
in 1997 , china became the first country to develop the arctic science committee , which won the international conference on extreme affairs .
the " report " points out : over the past 20 years , china 's ultra - polar situation has grown from scratch to nothing , has been constantly developing , has formed three stations with one ship of the three stations , and has formed a north pole scientific research system . that is , the nanchi city station built in february 1985 , the southern pole station built in february 1989 , the northern pole station in july 1994 , and the north pole station in july 2004
the " report " shows that by 2005 , the total number of foreign - invested enterprises in the antarctic was twice investigated and discovered in 22 scientific surveys , with the snowflakes and trucks as the main body of the platform . the number of scientific surveys conducted by the arctic 's huanghe station in the north has been on the verge of the north . up to now , more than 3,000 archaeologists have gone to the site of the arctic to conduct on
the three - day conference hall , which is now under way , is also the first stop of china 's antarctic inland expedition station to conduct feasibility investigation and study .
sun zhihui said :
the three - day period of the century , which has been over 20 years , has been extremely successful in china 's extreme inspection undertaking in the world , but is still far less than in other major extreme - polarized countries . we must catch up with our head and catch up with our head and catch up with the thick of the fog .
he said .
sun zhihui revealed that the future of china will be published every year .
( overseas )
xinhua news agency , havana , february 10 ( reporter zhou ) - president of the cuban council of state , castro , met with visiting chinese state councilor chen zhili on the 10th . both sides expressed the wish to constantly strengthen mutually beneficial cooperation in education , science and technology , and other fields .
castro warmly welcomed president chen zhili on his visit to cuba .
he said that the cuban - chinese relations are very friendly , and the frequent high - level visits between the two countries have effectively promoted and strengthened the friendship and mutual understanding between the two countries , and he expressed the hope that the two countries will constantly deepen mutually beneficial cooperation in various fields , including education and science .
chen zhili said : cuba is the first latin american and caribbean countries with important influence .
china and cuba have enjoyed a friendly exchange of visits .
cuba is the first country to establish diplomatic relations with new china .
after entering the new century , under the leadership of the leaders of the two countries , the mutual political trust between the two countries has been deepened day by day , the scope of cooperation has been expanded constantly , and mutual support and cooperation in international affairs have entered a new period of comprehensive development in sino - cuban friendly relations .
she believed that under the joint efforts of both sides , the friendly cooperation between china and cuba will certainly yield more fruitful results .
chen zhili also pointed out : the chinese government has always attached importance to its exchanges and cooperation with cuba in the field of education .
in recent years , the two countries have been increasingly close in educational exchanges , and frequent personnel contacts .
china actively supports the cuban side 's efforts to hold an international conference and send a delegation to attend the world higher education conference and the 2005 anti - illiteracy conference .
cuba 's foundation education level is very high , and it hopes that in the future , it will further strengthen exchanges with relevant experience .
chen zhili said : china and cuba have made great progress in scientific and technological research and development , and can develop cooperation in various fields to achieve mutual benefit and win - win results .
the chinese side has helped some cuban scientific research equipment , hoping to provide scientific research and production with a positive role in cuba 's scientific research and production .
she also briefed castro on china 's strategy of rejuvenating the country through science and education and the situation of the national science and technology conference .
chen zhili made the above remarks at a meeting with visiting cuban foreign minister khavana on 9 february local time at the invitation of the cuban government .
in this period , chen zhili met with the cuban high education minister vilino and inspected the work of the university of havana in the management of the havana university 's vasivar science university and the santa primary school .
the beijing - kazakhstan highway was closed to traffic after a gas leak accident occurred
xinhua news agency , harbin , february 11 ( reporter liang shubin ) - - the beijing - kazakhstan highway no . 58 kilometers from beijing - kazakhstan highway was damaged at 23:00 hours on 10 february , causing some sections to be closed .
according to the city public security bureau traffic police brigade , the police arrested a man and a woman on the 58 kilometers of beijing - kazakhstan highway at 23:00 hours on 10 april . a truck carrying a truck and a tanker of a tanker was rammed together . a crane was found to have cracks . the gas tank was loaded with a broken pipe . the gas tank was loaded with a frozen oil tank .
according to information , the oil tanker is loaded with a cockpit .
the number of pickpockets is very high , and at the same time , fear that the flower of vehicles may occur in the past , and the departments concerned have closed the road to the scene .
harbin is to go to shuangcheng road , and many vehicles bypass .
at present , relevant departments are cleaning up the scene , and the cause of the accident is under investigation .
( hong kong , macau , taiwan ) and hutchison whampoa announced three - stage italian relitches to be listed on the market
xinhua news agency , hong kong , february 11 , and hutchison whampoa limited announced on the 11th that the three - branch telecommunications company , which was postponed for three days , was carrying out its listing plan .
and wong group general manager , mr robert footman , said that although the 3 rd italian rushing has received the approval of all relevant supervisory and regulatory bodies , the proposed listing process must be completed within the next few weeks , and the time is too hasty .
at the same time , the current market of european telecommunications shares is weak , and the market may not be able to give them a three - dimensional valuation at this moment .
in view of the fact that the shareholders are most interested in the interests of the shareholders , the decision is to postpone the listing .
as to when the stock market will be listed , mr footman said that the government would consider the future market of european telecommunications .
he held that in the current period , the amount of capital funds raised through three presents will be required to conduct extensive educational activities among investors in order to make the global telecommunications investment market clear in three italian - based strong manifestations and favorable prospects .
another report was that the three - star italian - made global coordinators were among the top investment banks in italy , with a total investment of 420 million euros , with a market share of 103 billion italian shares in the form of private matching , and is expected to be completed by the end of march this year .
( overseas )
xinhua news agency , yangon , february 12 ( reporter zhang yunfei ) - the chinese ambassador to myanmar komu and economic and commercial counselor tang haihai accepted a special interview with this reporter on the eve of myanmar prime minister soe win 's visit to china on the 14th . he said that the economic and trade relations between china and burma are now in a very good state of development in terms of its rich contents and variety of mutually beneficial cooperation .
the management of the project is a major step forward in the development of the relations between the two countries , said ambassador muhammad , adding that the two countries have been strengthening and developing their good - neighborly and friendly relations on the basis of the five principles of peaceful coexistence in recent years .
tang hai - zou said : the high - level visits between the two countries have effectively promoted the development of the economic and trade cooperation between the two countries .
2000-4 high - level visits between the two countries have been held , and the two sides have signed 33 agreements on economic and trade cooperation , most of which are being implemented and implemented .
he said : in 2004 , the number of us $ 11.4 billion , or 12.09 billion in 2005 , of which china 's exports were $ 9.35 billion , and imports were $ 274.4 billion .
last year , the two countries ' trade volume between china 's yunnan and myanmar ( including border trade ) reached $ 6.3 billion , up 14.6 percent over the previous year .
tang hai said : myanmar has become a member of the chinese enterprise in carrying out the contract project , and china has made great progress in the major projects of the project , including the rushing swans and rushing walls of the plant ( such as the sugar coat plant , the paper bronze plant , and the paper brick plant ) .
china 's enterprises have made great contributions to the development of engineering projects in myanmar , which has brought along the export of all kinds of machinery and electrical products , and myanmar has become one of the major markets for china 's export of complete sets of equipment and electrical and mechanical products .
according to statistics of the chinese customs , in the past five to six years , the export of mechanical and electrical products has accounted for about 45.5 percent of china 's total exports to myanmar .
tang jiaxuan said : the chinese government has a rich resources and has started to invest in myanmar 's oil and natural gas bronze ore and other resource development projects , and the potential for the development of sino - burmese economic and trade cooperation is very great .
he expressed the hope that chinese enterprises will have a long - term vision , learn to avoid risks , and make careful decisions , and establish a good enterprise image , so that they will be able to complete the project on time and win glory for the country .
the management of the chinese embassy in zambia and the tang shubei agreed that the upcoming official visit to china by premier soe win is a major event in bilateral relations this year , and is of great significance in enhancing political mutual trust , promoting bilateral cooperation , and further promoting the development of the good - neighborly and friendly relations between china and burma .
it is expected that the two sides will sign several agreements on economic and trade cooperation during the visit .
the world bank plans to reduce the debts of the poorest countries
xinhua news agency , moscow , february 11 , world bank president wolfowitz said in moscow on the 11th that the world bank will completely relieve the debts of the poorest countries before the middle of this year .
wolfowitz said in moscow that he had a meeting with the finance ministers of the g - 8 finance ministers .
he said after the meeting that the united states and the united states will hold a meeting on debt reduction and exemption before 1 july this year , and that the world bank is now completing all technical work .
last year , the world bank donated $ 48.5 billion to 28 countries , and the bank said it would provide funds for the trust funds concerned .
the international monetary fund ( imf ) has a relatively small amount of creditor 's rights , and the organization has started to reduce or waive its debts by the end of 2005 .
in addition , wolfowitz 's dismissal to russia from 16 african countries shows that he is very pleased to have made the decision .
gao qingqing 's digital television has gradually become the mainstream in the united states .
xinhua news agency , new york , february 12 ( reporter fan xiaolin ) with the high resolution of the problem of high - resolution digital camera ( apogo - intestinal ) continuously sliding and the market expanding , us television media also stepped up the introduction of relevant high - definition television programs .
the chinese people , who had just fallen behind , were the us superficial olive branch soccer matches , and have become the hot - spot competition for us broadcast operators to greet the era of television high .
according to the financial times , the us government has recently passed a bill to grant the us broadcasting industry the right to use the internet in full halt on 17 february 2009 . it can only broadcast the digital signal .
this means that the us television programme has been digitized in all aspects .
gao zhan 's figure is the most popular among the consumers .
the digital television programme , which has been repeatedly mentioned in the past few years , has never become a reality .
this issue is still unsettled this year .
according to the us consumer electronics association 's prediction , the digital television sets will be sold in the united states for the first time this year , and the number of television sets will exceed the traditional television sets , and the number of television sets will be 85.5 percent of the total .
the japanese researchers have developed a new highly efficient kidney .
xinhua news agency , tokyo , february 13th , by reporter zheng
according to the nikkei industrial news , the newly developed biotechnology products kidney is mainly composed of two parts , which is mainly transmitted from blood filtration and water distribution .
the man was born in the family of the spine and was born in the family of the deceased .
this kind of stem cells can make the blood penetration through several times .
the previous practice of artificial kidney relying on the infiltration and pressure to put the filtration of the trace on the water cannot completely be removed , and it does not have the means of rereturning to the blood .
the researchers used the hillsides to conduct biomedical experiments on transplant kidney , the chinese and air walls of the human kidney for the use of pig skin cells .
the two - week study staff confirmed that the man - made kidney had been able to function .
at present , they are developing and using human kidneys and kidney cells and will conduct research on the basis of verifying their safety .
china 's power production safety is still facing severe challenges
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 13th , by reporter an and li weihua , the responsible person of the state power regulatory commission said on the 13th that although the overall situation of safe and stable power production in 2005 remains a grim challenge .
the state administration of radio , film , and television ( sssic ) , which is now in session , has made significant progress in the development of electricity safety , said shi yubo , vice chairman of the national electricity safety supervision commission ( cscc ) here at the fifth meeting of the national power safety supervision committee ( ndrc ) here today .
however , he pointed out that with the supply and demand situation and the large number of newly built power generating units operating , the power production safety will face new challenges .
these challenges include : regional grouper , seasonal time shortage , and the lack of electricity in some areas will still be on the high side , and the lack of good mechanism for electricity prices has not been formed , resulting in a relatively large supply of electricity , while the problem of the decline in the quality of electricity has not been effectively controlled , and a serious impact on the stable operation of power generating units will be affected .
history : the chinese government has been making great efforts to improve the quality of its power industry , and has made great achievements in the reform of the power industry , said shi yubo , adding that the reform of the power system will be further deepened .
in view of the fact that the work of safe production of electricity in 2006 , shi yubo said that it is necessary to further consolidate the foundation of the management of power production safety , speed up the establishment and improvement of the emergency management mechanism for power safety , enhance the ability to deal with sudden incidents , strengthen coordination and cooperation in power networks , and jointly safeguard the safety of the power plants , continue to do a good job in supervising and managing the construction of the dam , and strengthen the safety of
it is reported that in connection with the new situation in the management of power safety , the power regulatory commission will carry out a comprehensive examination of the " provisional regulations on investigating accidents in electricity production , " which have been promulgated this year . at the same time , the relevant documents on the safety of the dam and the safety of the second system of power system safety will be issued successively this year .
2000-2005 , the total electricity consumption in china reached 246.89 billion kwh , 13.4 percent up on the same period last year .
in the face of the situation of electricity supply and demand , the contradiction between coal , electricity , oil , and transport is conspicuous , all power enterprises have taken effective measures to strengthen equipment management , and last year there was no exceptionally serious equipment accident in the whole country .
the number of accidents involving power grids has been reduced by 127 , with the number of accidents involving equipment accidents decreased by 1,32 .
south african ambassador to china said south africa does not exist any problems of oversight of chinese citizens .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 13th , by reporter jiankang and hao yalin hao jianlin ( reporter wang jianlin ) - - - the temporary staff of the south african embassy in china said on the 13th that south africa does not have any organized crime to target chinese citizens .
he also said that south africa will do its best to crack down on all forms of crime .
the nanning said that the south african government hopes to lower the crime rate to zero , and hopes that every south african cadre working in south africa will be safely protected by local laws and citizens .
since the end of 2006 , more than four chinese citizens have been killed in south africa , and the chinese world has expressed extensive concern for this .
china 's foreign ministry has lodged solemn representations with south africa on this issue and reminded chinese citizens in south africa to further enhance their awareness of safety and prevention , strengthen unity and love between overseas chinese and cooperate with the police in cracking down on criminal activities .
the reason why we sent our condolences to the families of the victims is the most sincere sympathy and sorrow .
the nanning said that our luggage is very sorry for this and we also invite the chinese people to believe that the south african government is seriously investigating each case involving china .
according to the chinese embassy in south africa , the south african police have successfully cracked a case of the chinese women chen jianqing in fujian , on 5 february , in south africa , and a suspect has been arrested .
at present , the police are tracing another suspect .
another report from the south african embassy in china revealed that the us government has decided to arrest a hong kong businessman in january this year , and the property of the victims has been recovered .
in the face of the chinese citizens ' killing , the chinese government has decided to give full play to its role in handling these incidents .
according to the latest statistics released by the tourism commissioner of the south african embassy , the embassy only sent a total of over 2,000 chinese tourists to south africa in the first 15 days of this year .
another report by chinese official statistics shows that south africa has been continuing to maintain its position as the largest trade partner of africa in 2005 .
the bilateral trade volume was $ 72.7 billion , up 23.7 percent over the same period last year .
however , the travel trade believes that the number of tourists that have occurred in succession in 2004 is very serious for the number of chinese tourists to south africa .
according to the south african tourism bureau , in the first half of 2005 , chinese tourists to south africa were 2031 , a decrease of 14.99 percent over the same period last year .
at present , the number of chinese living in south africa is about 200,000 , and the number of urban villages in south africa is about 200,000 .
observers here believe that south africa is rich and poor , and its unemployment rate is high , and its guns are rampant , and there is no threat to death , so the crime rate is not high .
as many chinese do not understand english , they are not as good as their own money and are more easily accessible to the criminal who are planning for wealth .
( hong kong , macau , taiwan ) hong kong promotes continuous learning and training
xinhua news agency , hong kong , february 13th , by the hong kong special administrative region government , a new scheme was launched on 13 february to enhance the english standard of more people on the job .
this is the first time that the chinese government has made great efforts to promote english and rich life through a series of publicity activities to promote the learning and training of workplace english and to let employers better understand how to help them to upgrade their english standards .
as of now , the scheme has already provided nearly 25,000 job - related training courses , which have achieved the relevant work requirements of the hong kong workplace english benchmarks .
issued at hkt 10 : 40 % of hong kong 's workforce english campaign was launched in 2000 .
the number of workforce english movement varies from one to another to one of the major projects .
the scheme aims to help the government to use english in its work and to help them to take part in training and take part in the designated international business english language testing to achieve the required standard of english in the relevant working class .
hebei 's aids testing and testing system is free , voluntary ,
xinhua news agency , shijiazhuang , february 14 ( reporter dong zhiyong ) the hebei provincial health department recently issued a " list of voluntary consultation measures for aids prevention and testing work in hebei province " ( for trial ) , which clearly stipulates the principle of implementing free and intensive security check on aids , and it is hoped that the patients and patients can detect aids to the maximum and further implement the policy of preventing interventionist measures and evasion of four kinds of duty - free and
the " proposal " explicitly defines the objectives , objectives , and tasks of aids voluntary consultation and testing in hebei : the aids antibody testing and consultation system is free , the aids antibody testing and consultation voluntary consultation , the aids antibody testing and information approval , the hiv antibodies testing and consultation , and the information security system does not provide an appraisal of the relevant conduct of the advisory bodies , the hiv - carriers and aids patients ' legitimate rights and interests are protected , and provided relevant
the " proposal " calls for providing aids consultation and testing points to provide aids information on the places where the consultation personnel are convenient to obtain information on aids , and for the sake of protecting the selfish interests of the consulting firms , it is necessary to conduct one - sided consultation .
the consultation booths will be fully considered as a personal quality .
to protect the consulting 's privacy , the test leaflet can be used in the form of code or number .
the " proposal " also requires that the public health administration departments at and above the county level make public the information on the voluntary and free - of - charge medical and health care institutions in their own localities , and provide information for the masses .
the ministry of public security has issued a warning to extortion of confessions by torture .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 14 ( reporter meng na ) - deputy director of the police inspector bureau of the ministry of public security zheng baigang said at a press conference on the 14th that the so - called " uniform " method of not using too much appropriate means to allow criminal suspects to subscribe in china .
the inspector 's work focus is also to prevent these problems from happening .
he also pointed out that some international organizations have been very cautious about the law enforcement situation of the chinese police .
the ministry of public security released the latest information on 14 june , which shows that the ministry of public security has issued the " regulations on the implementation of leave - keeping measures for public security organs in 2002 and 2004 " to the " regulations on the application of continuing interrogations by public security organs , " thus better ensuring the applicable measures for public security organs at the grass - roots level in the application of the system of interrogation in accordance with law .
in 1997 , to further promote the three kinds of management projects ( namely , the use of torture to put under control , the use of force to tackle problems of guns , and the abuse of force in handling cases , the force of police inspectors of public security organs nationwide persisted in going deep into the front - line law enforcement units , such as the police station , the public security supervision and management sites , etc. , to conduct investigation and replenishment of cases involving safety rights of citizens .
to provide a reliable guarantee for preventing law enforcement at the source , the police inspector further extended the tinger of law enforcement and increased the intensity of interrogation of the appropriate summonses and inquires of the blast - shaped ruins and clappers , and the monitoring and inspection of the information insertion of the robot information .
( hong kong , macau , taiwan ) sun yun - hsuan died of illness in taipei
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 15 th , taipei sources said that he had been appointed honorary chairman of the taiwan strait exchange foundation , and had been seriously ill due to the acute respiratory syndrome and blood failure . he died in taipei early morning on the 15th .
sun yun - hsuan was born in beijing on 11 november 1913 . he was born in a native of penglai , penglai , and a electrical machinery department of harbin university .
it is the kmt 's 10 th and 13 th central committee member , and the 11th central standing committee member , the 14th central evaluation committee , the presidium of the central evaluation commission , and the 15 th central evaluation committee .
zeng qinghong , who was the head of the taiwan authorities ' spying and transportation , was the head of the economic department .
the heilongjiang province promoted the construction of the songhua river water pollution ecological environment and the project to deal with the problem .
xinhua news agency , harbin , february 16 ( reporter tao ) in order to do a good job in the dry spell of the songhua river and the ice layer in the process of monitoring and controlling pollution in the songhua river , heilongjiang province will actively promote the evaluation and countermeasures of the ecological environment of the songhua river .
reporter learned from the environmental protection bureau of heilongjiang province that the state environmental protection administration , led by the state environmental protection administration , organized the evaluation and countermeasures of the songhua river pollution incident , which was mainly under the control of the ecological environment , were divided into 15 special topics , and the evaluation of the emergency environmental and countermeasures - related ecological effects evaluation and control of human health and operation were divided into five areas , with detailed arrangements for the three stages to complete .
at present , the province has a total of 10 scientific research institutes and institutes in heilongjiang province , with a total of more than 60 people undertaking 14 technical research projects .
according to the briefing , the environmental protection department and relevant scientific research institutes will launch a series of research and research projects aimed at the five special topics of the emergency environment assessment and countermeasures study , and strive to resolve environmental problems that the masses are urgently concerned about .
among them , the main control of the number of pollutants with the total quantity of such pollutants is directly related to the songhua river 's safety in consumption of the songhua river , which is mainly controlled by the songhua river , and the safety of underground water supply , the songhua river , which is very safe and safe , has a protective gear , and the songhua river ice and melting process .
heilongjiang province 's environmental protection department will also intensify the protection of the environment along the songhua river , and severely investigate and deal with the environmental incidents that cause serious pollution in the environment , which are illegal discharge and illegal construction .
the heilongjiang will send an environmental law enforcement personnel to supervise and guide the comprehensive environmental rectification in small basins in various localities , improve the arshijie river , the linkage river , and other tributaries in the river .
the university 's hearings and mourning hall to mourn wang xuan
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 15 ( reporter li jiangtao ) after a few days of intense deployment , beijing university has set up a memorial hall for wang xuan , a memorial hall of the centennial memorial hall , officially opened at 09:00 on the morning of 15 february . as of noon on the same day , several hundred people had come to the mourning hall .
at 08:00 , the museum opened at the museum 's entrance to the hall . several dozens people were platoon outside .
reporter : in the 100 th anniversary of beijing university , the memorial hall of the great wall of the hall was hung on the wall of the hall , with a dark rock - shaped picture , and a cloud grinding grief mourning wang selected his academicians .
the horizontal slope is a large piece of wang chin - tat of more than 10 square meters . he has a glasses , a smile , and a bronze integrity .
the remains of the dead side were put on several rock trees on both sides , and dozens of wreaths were placed on both sides .
among them , one of the wreaths was written : the scuffle of qin sheng was laid at tang 's coincidence layer , and the lineage of the rotation of of the modern times was covered with the wrestling of the wrestling of the wrestling of the wreaths of the modern times .
the museum of history , the museum of history , is a mourning hall .
the memorial hall was filled with the people with the beijing university 's leadership and teachers and students , and the friends of wang xizui were puzzling and their parents . many people who had never seen him were also especially eager to come to the scene .
they have also made fresh flowers and some have raised their basketball teams . everyone has put on their eyes a small bloom and slowly walked to the remains of academician wang xuan , bowing to their sad tribute .
many people have forgotten the idea of " falungong " and have tears .
zeng qinghong , who is also director of the state cultural relics bureau , is a senior alumni of beijing university . he told this reporter that he was still working in henan 10 years ago and asked professor wang to give a briefing on science and technology innovation .
the three - member chinese academy of sciences , a student of the xizang academy of sciences , is a model for us to learn . he made important contributions to the country and society , and the people will never forget him .
the university 's law school 's jin ruilin , together with professor wang , is a university professor of the laurent for more than 40 years .
the previous few days , he was discharged , and today he insisted on having a talk with old friends .
kim , who is in his book , said , " the key to curbing his grief cannot be kept , and he has repeatedly flown with paper to glorify his eyes .
he told the reporter that wang xuan 's life was very thrift , and he stayed in the tong fu garden , he was already a professor , and he had already made very high achievements , but he was still very small in a very small house .
later , he moved to the zenegang garden and was in the locality of 780 square meters .
the university has given him a special opportunity to study the important thinking of the ' three represents ' in his large house , a building , and a large house of over 140 square meters of land . he does not want to provide the high - level housing in the building .
kim , a deep feeling , recalled : wang xun was visiting the united states during his overseas visit . he said : the treatment provided by wang was very high , but he resolutely rejected him .
the scene was very bad when he insisted on not applying for academicians at the beginning .
let the money flow into the heart of mr. jin , and also wang chin 's attitude toward cultivating young people , he repeatedly emphasized that what i have now is still doing is not to see me , but to depend on cultivating young people .
kim , who is also the president of the hong kong special administrative region , said that he had always emphasized that the key to paving the way should be to be the human staircase and give the young people a better way .
the three - dimensional sport is a very successful scientist .
reporter learned from the beijing university information center that since 15 : from 09:00 am on 15 february to noon on 19 february , the weather of the first day of the day of the day was opened to the public from 09:00 am to 1600 hours on 15 february .
the " red force " that is known as the modern ventilation , the vice chairman of the national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] , wang xizang , a professor at the third world academy of engineering , was ineffective in medical treatment . he died at the beijing coordinator and hospital at 01:30 on 13 february .
( foreign minister ) chinese npc and chilean parliament establish exchanges mechanism
wu bangguo attended the signing ceremony and also agreed to sign the agreement
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 15 ( reporter rong yan ) - wu bangguo , chairman of the standing committee of the national people 's congress , attended the banquet hosted by the chinese national people 's congress ( npc ) and the chilean parliament in the great hall of the people on the afternoon of the 15th , and signed the agreement in the text .
china 's npc and the chilean parliament exchange mechanism have been officially established .
it is reported that the chilean parliament speaker romano and the house of representatives speaker jose eiseneo had signed a joint agreement in santiago , the capital of chile .
according to the agreement , the two sides will , in accordance with the principles set in the communiqu on the establishment of diplomatic relations between china and chile , establish political dialogue relations between the npc and the chilean parliament , set up a dialogue committee to take turns to jointly promote the comprehensive development of bilateral relations .
chile 's ambassador to china klaus kirala attended the signing ceremony .
china will introduce a new information network protection system
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 15 ( reporter zhou wei and li fei ) many websites are now relying on large numbers of reprinted news reports , such as newspapers and magazines , to increase their clashes , but many of them have not been authorized and have not paid any money for this purpose . wang ziqiang , director of the copyright department of the state copyright bureau , said at a news briefing held by the information office of the state council on the issue of the payment of internet - based
wang zaiqiang said : according to the current legal provisions , the newspapers and periodicals have published works without any trace .
however , according to the existing law , the newspaper and periodical societies enjoy the right to which the press enjoys such a statutory license .
according to the supreme people 's court 's relevant judicial explanation , the issuance of such a method of using the law in the transmitting of newspapers and periodicals to statutory license may apply to the internet , that is , the small articles published on the internet , and the author did not make any irregularities in the use of the text text text , but the internet should pay the remuneration at the same time .
however , due to the lack of understanding of the standards for remuneration , the internet is actually used for the use of these works .
the report also says that the internet uses these small works that have been published are not applicable to legal permission , and that they still need to be confirmed at the legal level .
wang zaiqiang said : whether or not the project will be included in the scope of legal definition or not , and after the promulgation of the regulations for protecting the right to disseminate information networks this year , the regulations will be confirmed .
( international ) russia 's military says georgia 's parliament resolution will not affect russian peacekeeping operations
xinhua news agency , moscow , february 15 ( reporter song shiyi ) - - russian defense ministry press officials said on the 15th that georgian parliament has made a decision on the russian peacekeeping force in the near future , which will not affect russian soldiers ' peacekeeping operations , and russian military personnel will continue to carry out peacekeeping missions in the region of the nautical stere clan conflict .
russia 's state duma ( lower house of parliament ) chairman cote - shen made a statement on the same day on the georgian parliament 's resolution on the peacekeeping force in georgia , saying that this resolution will undermine the stability of the situation in the region and will produce an unfavorable impact on the relations between russia and georgia .
he stressed : georgia 's parliament resolution has made the relations between russia and georgia move forward in the direction of deterioration .
he held that the greek side is very disappointing to russia 's accusations .
georgian parliament passed a resolution on the same day , demanding that russian peacekeeping forces stop their peacekeeping operations in the stairs of the south ossetia , but it did not determine the specific time for the withdrawal of russian peacekeeping forces .
georgian parliament criticized russia 's peacekeeping personnel for not fulfilling their obligations and handed over russia 's stance in the conflict region to the united states in an attempt to swallow and swallow georgia .
georgian parliament urges government to take active action , consider setting up a new office in the south ossetia clash area to replace the current peacekeeping operation in the region .
georgian parliament also instructed the government to revise the draft decision on the entry of russian peacekeeping personnel into the conflict area .
the southern austrian side is the only autonomous state in georgia , and has close ties with the northern ortee republic of russia .
the former soviet union was disintegrated , and it announced independence on its own and had long been in a state of confrontation with the central government of georgia .
at present , russia has a relatively large number of troops stationed in the region .
this unit has been organized and organized in accordance with the 1992 russia - based osaka - shaped western scuba diving agreement .
the vast number of patients in the liaoyuan hospital will be held responsible for the crime of causing major accidents .
xinhua news agency , changchun , february 16 ( reporter zhou liquan ) - the city hospital in liaoyuan city , jilin province , has decided on 11 responsible persons , including the hospital electric labor squad leader zhang diankun and four other people who will be prosecuted for the crime of causing a major accident .
2000-05-2005 , the largest city hospital in liaoyuan city was hit by a fire , and eventually 39 people were killed .
in this war , the us government , which had been over 5,000 square meters of fire , has a fire area of over 5,000 square meters .
according to information , this is the first time that the medical and health system has undergone a major fire since the founding of new china .
according to the investigation , the explosion occurred at about 1630 on the same day in the central hospital of liaoyuan city , and the power supply was cut down in accordance with the design of the hospital 's electric circuit . if the power supply and demand gates were to be automatically jumped to the deputy gateway , the power gates would continue to be maintained , but the electrical gate was not automatically slashed at that time , and the power squad leader zhang dian@@
the then bronze - out cable cable , which was in the dark , was in a state of chaos . however , as such , the cable should be very tidy - up and put on the floor , and the fire - prevention level should be set up .
therefore , the 57 - year - old liaoyuan textile company 's electrical and mechanical installation team leader zhao yongchun was retiring cadres ( senior engineer ) of the liaoyuan city center hospital , and returned to the post of a retired worker at the dongyuan city center hospital , and he was also charged for being suspected of major accident of responsibility .
china 's rural tourism industry is expected to grow by about 10 percent in the first three months of this year
xinhua news agency , guiyang , february 16 ( reporter shi xinrong ) on the morning of the 16 th , a total of 1,500 people and children of the dormitory village in tianlong town , tianlong town , tianlong , pingtan county , guizhou , were smiled with joy on their faces .
at 10:30 , the five - valley annual event ended , the man , wearing a blue long - sleeved shirt , was the old zheng peimin 's old folk , sounded the first step of the tour of guizhou in china 's rural areas .
the long march 1 st , tuen mun village , which is a typical representative of the development of tourist in guizhou 's rural areas and a national demonstration point for tourist tourism .
as a friendly neighbor of the ming dynasty , the red army of the ming dynasty , the crowds of the dead were still in the process of more than 600 years .
here , the cadres and the masses of people who are wearing a large vendor and overbearing blue gowns , the ancient han han culture and dressing gowns in the villages of tuen mun .
according to information , the average number of villages relying on this cultural tradition has increased from 2002 to 2020 , and the number of tickets for the year 2005 alone reached 38.8 million yuan , with 47.7 percent of rural households having sold through the dining and transporting goods , and other trade goods , and the per capita income of peasants has increased from over 1,300 yuan in 2002 to 2640 yuan in 2005 .
the state council 's general administration of tourism , mr yang shengming , said that the number of tourists from the province 's guizhou province , following the first tour of the dragon in tuen mun , was still under the new rural conditions , and the new rural tourist coach was still under the main theme . the various rural tourist activities to be launched this year in guizhou will reach 35 .
up to now , guizhou has more than 130 villages and towns to carry out various kinds of tourist projects . by 2005 , more than 600,000 rural households in the province have extricated themselves from poverty through developing tourism .
on january 15 , the total number of urban housing prices in 70 cities in china continued to decline .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 16 ( reporter liu zheng ) in january this year , the total sales prices of housing in 70 large and medium - sized cities rose 5.5 percent over the same period last year , a decrease of 0.7 percentage points compared with the previous month .
shanghai 's real estate market continued to slide .
the state development and reform commission , the national bureau of statistics , released on 16 february , shows that among the 70 large and medium cities , the prices of housing in most of the cities increased slightly in january , compared with the same month last year . the hulun hechi haoji composite index was over 10,010 percent , while the shanghai housing price continued to slide slightly , down by 0.440 percent compared with the same period last year .
in the same breath , the total volume of foreign capital sales in shanghai was up by 19.1 percent in the first quarter of last year , and after that , the price of shanghai 's housing was up by 19.1 percent , and the price of shanghai 's housing was changed by a small margin in the second half of last year .
this january , the trade volume of the 70 large and medium - sized cities increased 6.9 percent over the same period last year , a drop of 0.2 percentage points compared with the previous month .
the number of new commodity housing increased by a relatively high rate of 18.9 percent in dalian , and the heat and hot - sleeper in shenzhen 10:1 in chengdu , 8.4 percent in beijing , while shanghai dropped 3.1 percent in the same period of last year .
the central organization department has called for further intensifying the supervision over the work of selecting and appointing leading cadres and cadres .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 16 th , by reporter shuai jun and li weihua ( xinhua ) the central organization department recently printed and distributed the opinions on strengthening cadre supervision .
the opinions called on organization departments at all levels to start with strict management and care for cadres , and to run the cadre supervision throughout the process of cadre training and examination , and select and assign each link of day - to - day management , establish and perfect a supervision work mechanism that is timely and effective in preventing problems from occurring in a timely manner , and earnestly strengthen supervision over the work of selecting and appointing leading cadres and cadres .
the opinions pointed out : the organization departments ' main tasks in supervising cadres are to supervise leading bodies and leading cadres , and the focus is to strengthen supervision over principal responsible persons of leading bodies , and second , supervise the work of selecting and appointing leading cadres of party and government organizations , and focus on grasping the implementation of the " regulations on selecting and appointing leading cadres of party and government organizations . "
in the course of conducting the education of leading bodies and leading cadres , the opinions pointed out that we should unswervingly grasp the education on ideals and convictions and the education on combating corruption and promoting clean government , and that education should be carried out throughout the course of cadre training and management , guide and urge leading cadres to cultivate their party spirit , uphold the party 's leadership for the people , and build a solid ideological and moral defense line for resisting corruption and degeneration .
right now , the number of newly promoted cadres is to be increased in terms of honesty and self - discipline .
we should urge leading bodies at all levels to uphold democratic centralism and establish and perfect rules and procedures for decision making in a fashion of events , conscientiously implement the system of combining collective leadership with individual division of work .
we should focus on the study of the principal responsible persons of the leading bodies , and the responsible persons of the organization ( personnel ) departments should regularly talk with the principal responsible persons of the leading bodies of the next level to understand the situation of their ideological work style and other aspects .
establish and perfect the system of routine management and supervision of leading cadres , regularly supervise the ideological and work style of the leading cadres , and put forward opinions and measures for resolving problems .
the practice of leading cadres ' admonitory talk and letter of letter has been carried out in a timely manner , such as discovering symptoms of symptoms of symptoms or symptoms of symptoms .
right from the masses ' complaints about the outstanding problems of leading cadres , we should conscientiously investigate and understand them , properly deal with them , and give them criticism and education or appropriate organizational handling in light of the circumstances , and turn them into law enforcement organs for handling violations of discipline and law , and make proper clarifications in the way of those problems that have not been resolved through investigation .
at the same time , it is necessary to integrate strengthening supervision with encouraging cadres to boldly explore new ways and blaze new trails , and pay attention to discovering and commending outstanding cadres .
the opinions and requirements : the organization ( personnel ) departments at all levels should earnestly strengthen leadership over the work of selecting and appointing party and government leading cadres .
further improve the system of selecting and promoting cadres through nomination , deliberate and decide on issues , and other supervisory measures , and strictly ensure the quality of selecting and employing people , so as to provide a solid foundation for tightening the political work in the handling of affairs , the selection of cadres with excellent credibility of the masses , and the selection of cadres at various levels .
we should strengthen supervision and inspection of the implementation of the regulations on appointing cadres , and severely deal with acts in violation of the regulations on appointing cadres , and resolutely check unhealthy trends and corrupt phenomena in the use of cadres .
the practice of using people as a serious measure to supervise and inspect people 's problems in violation of regulations has increased the intensity of supervision and investigation .
establish and perfect the system of selecting and appointing cadres in accordance with the principle of holding accountable to the people , scientifically define the responsibilities in all aspects of the work of selecting and appointing cadres according to the principle of uniformity between powers and responsibilities , and clearly define the methods of investigation and affixing responsibility and intensify the investigation .
fully utilize the role of mass supervision , establish sound systems of operation , easy and efficient reporting , and report cases .
and give full play to the role of media supervision , report to the media on the relevant situation of cadre selection and appointment at the right time , and accept media supervision .
the opinions put forward the need to further improve the system of coordinating and coordinating the work of cadre supervision .
the organization of ( personnel ) departments should strengthen their ties with discipline inspection organs , establish a system of supervision and inspection organs in the areas of the work of improving the party style and building a clean and honest government of the cadres , and enhance their joint force in supervision .
in conjunction with discipline inspection and supervisory organs , we should conscientiously do a good job in carrying out inspection work , improve inspection methods , improve inspection inspection systems , and improve the quality of inspection .
in conjunction with the auditing organs , they have conscientiously implemented the system of auditing leading cadres ' economic responsibility .
we should improve the system of selecting and appointing cadres by organization departments .
( hong kong , macau , taiwan ) taiwan authorities have invested in the mainland in violation of regulations as a key enterprise
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 16 ( reporter chen jixing ) - the economic affairs department of the taiwan authorities decided on the 15th to punish taiwan 's linyi electronic company , one of the two - storey stoves , ( called chinger , chip , and ntd ) , the new taiwan dollar , the reason is that the company has provided assistance in the market and the technology company .
the taiwan " chung - kuo shih - pao " reported that this was the first time chen shui - bian dished out his vigorous management and effective cross - strait economic and trade policy propositions , and the taiwan authorities made the first instance of penalties for taiwan businessmen to invest in the mainland .
according to reports , the taiwan authorities ' ministry of economy will try the desperate people , saying that the penalties for joint electric power are in violation of the regulations governing the cross - strait relations and the regulations governing the operation of investment or technological cooperation in the mainland region .
in the future , the speculative trial will depend on the situation .
the linkage case was a case of the linyi electric power plant , which began in february 2005 , with the use of nearly 100 people to the home and office of several high - level personnel of the united microchips , and the investigation was said that the joint power plant was suspected of providing funds and manpower resources for illegal operation of funds and manpower resources on the mainland .
the then president of the board of directors of the united microelectronics , tsao xingcheng , openly said that the united microelectronics did not violate any regulations of the taiwan authorities , and that joint power supply and technology was for the long - term interests of joint electric power . if the united microelectronics did not enter the mainland market as soon as possible , it would lose business opportunities .
after that , the taiwan authorities ' extravagant financial supervision and management committee was mainly responsible for violating the regulations on commercial information disclosure , and the amount of new taiwan dollars was imposed on the united states .
200.g. on 9 january 2006 , the board of directors of the united microelectronics accepted cao xingcheng 's resignation . cao xingcheng was arrested for suspected investment in the mainland in violation of regulations for several hours .
the united microelectronics and taiwan 's manufacturing and circuit ( called lucky scum ) company also called taiwan 's chips - shaped lineage , which is the leading enterprises of high technology on the island .
the taiwan authorities have been trying to link up the electricity for the past year and have been highly valued by all circles on the island .
( hong kong , macau , taiwan ) my second heart
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 17 ( reporter li kun ) the second generation of the fervor in my heart , the organizing committee of the macao women 's volleyball tournament announced in beijing on the 17th that the chinese worldwide conscription of the fertile - stored chinese in macao as a component of the fertile - in - stories in the eyes of the chinese people around the world .
this is a very important reason why the macao foundation and the hundred flowers and literature publishing house " the publication of the white paper and the overseas edition of the white paper " the chinese writers association vice president chen jianqi and others are appointed chairmen of the appraisal committee .
2000-4 , macao 's return to the motherland was the fifth anniversary of the return of macao to the motherland . the first clawtwater of my heart was held in macao . the sponsor of the contest was actively responding to the macao team of women at home and abroad . the organizing committee received more than 8,000 entries . more than 10 winners from the mainland and abroad were invited to receive awards .
the macao sar executive committee , mr ng chi - leung , said at a press conference on 17 july that last year , the rushing macao historical city was listed in the world cultural heritage list . this not only means that the people of macao have been affirmed by the people of the world in their long life style and community management pattern , but also means the chinese nation 's ornaments and various kinds of cultural traditions of friendly affection and love have been passed through the macao sar in 2006 , and
wu jiliang said : it is under such a good cultural atmosphere that macao foundation and the hundred flowers and literature publishing house " the publication of the pamphlet " has decided to cooperate again and hold the second round of clapple matches in macao in my heart , hoping that the participants will display their patriotic and australian sentiments through their works , and display the unique humanistic atmosphere of macao and the beautiful and beautiful and beautiful scenery of the special administrative region .
according to the briefing , the competition was held on 1 september this year . the " outskirts of the flower and sea versions " will open columns to select and participate in the competition .
6 . a survey of the results will be conducted in early 2007 in the macao special administrative region .
shandong has successfully implemented an imported case of heart transplant surgery for infant infants
xinhua news agency , jinan , february 17 ( reporter zhang yuqing and shen yao qin ) the heart disease research institute of the jinan military region recently successfully carried out a heart transplant operation .
reporter : on 17 april , when the ministry of supervision and management of heavy diseases saw that the 51 - day baby was full of red ornaments , all monitoring and inspection indexes were normal , and smoothly passed the critical period of the surgery . it was thriving in the hands of medical personnel to buy the toys he bought .
according to the information provided by the doctors who took the treatment on the same day , the patient , who came from taian rural area in shandong , was sent to the hospital , was all in qingzi , breathing difficulties , and after inspection and diagnosis , had to be transplant with heart .
the heart transplant operation is the first step in the heart surgery , the most difficult , the most complex risk .
in particular , the number of baby children under one age who are under the age of one is still in a vacant state in china .
the jinan military region has a chain reaction to the problem of blood transfusion and disease and has organized experts to repeatedly conduct feasibility studies and carefully design plans for operation and post - operation monitoring , and has made independent innovation in the method of blood management , and conducted animal experiments .
2000-05-08:00 am , december 28 , 2005 .
manufacturers ' orders for cardiac disease from a patient who died in the prevalence of precardiary lung diarrhoea .
the surgery is in line with the six blood - stained bodies , which are more than 510 injections , and each needle is less than 3 mm mm .
on the afternoon of 29 may , the surgery was a complete success .
the state administration of security , the state administration of coal mine safety , and other major and extraordinarily serious accidents were mostly caused by this year 's top priority
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 17 ( reporter liu zheng ) four successive incidents of hard work have occurred in the mine , which has been in the past year , the grim situation of safe production in the whole country has greatly reduced the occurrence of major accidents in the production of trench , such as trailblazy trails in the past year , to the most important task of the national security supervision work this year .
reporter : from the national bureau of supervision and management of safe production on 17 april , we have learned that in order to effectively curb the occurrence of major accidents in coal mines , coal mines are the most important .
this year , the coal mine safety supervision and management bureau will grasp the following three things :
the spark continues to play the waser battle .
vajpayee will be turned into a digitally presenting prestigious position this year .
if the high - tech coal mine does not implement a system of transmitting gas from behind , it must be ordered to stop production immediately according to law .
the spark continues to play a role in rectifying and closing down the battle .
we should regard the work of selecting and appointing cadres who have already been publicly announced to the public , and the over 700 coal mines that have recently been reported in various localities to the local authorities for more than 700 coal mines to be closed down to the real end .
we should regard closure as the regular work and constantly close down those enterprises that undermine resources and environment , which do not meet the safety requirements .
the sport of the fuyang coal mine has strengthened the management of the safety of the coal mine .
we should immediately correct the unhealthy tendencies of the small number of large state - owned mining enterprises and the small mines that are in the process of managing and managing chaotic conditions .
in particular , we should pay special attention to the key state - owned coal mines and absolutely not allow supernumerical supernumerical production .
this year 's production safety control indicators demand that all kinds of accidents in the country drop by 33.0 percent compared with last year , with coal mines falling by 3.5 percent .
first , the number of deaths of more than 10 people was several times lower .
these control indexes have been issued to provincial - level people 's governments , and all localities are implementing in various levels to grass - roots and enterprises .
the statistics show that in 2005 , the number of coal mine accidents in china was 5,986 , a decrease of 0.7 percent over the same period last year .
however , one time after another , the accident of the more than 10 people killed was on the rise , with the number of dead people increasing by 66.6 percent over the same period last year .
( international ) barroque calls for more cooperation in kosovo
xinhua news agency , belgrade , february 17 ( reporter he yi ) plastis news : the eu commission president barroso met in the capital of kosovo on the 17th , hoping that the parties concerned would continue to hold talks on kosovo 's future status and make efforts to eventually establish a democratic and multi - ethnic kosovo .
he said that the two countries have also maintained close cooperation in the political , economic , social , and cultural fields , and that they have made positive contributions to the peace and stability in kosovo .
he also stressed that the eu commission will do its best to help kosovo develop .
he said that the two countries have also made positive contributions to the implementation of the eight criteria for the democratic process in kosovo .
he held that these standards are implemented in a way that will affect the integration of kosovo and europe .
he also called on all the ethnic albanian people in kosovo to join the various organizations in kosovo to make due contributions to the realization of democracy and the integration of multiple nationalities .
he said that the two countries have made important contributions to the peace and stability in the region and the world .
earlier , president barroso had visited croatia and serbia and montenegro , and he will also visit macedonia and bosnia - herzegovina .
( winter olympics ) . xingye
xinhua news agency , duan , february 17 , dutch reporters to visit china on february 17
xinhua news agency , beijing , march 15 ,
although italy 's repeated orders have indicated that the revitalization of the winter olympics has been uncovered by the use of stimulants during the winter olympics , they are likely to face a lavage of jail , but judging from various circumstances , the situation is not very likely to occur in the main curve of the arc 's first case of stimulants scandal in winter olympics .
the duan winter olympics was blown out on 16 april .
the following day , the international olympic committee announced that it had sent leova to the winter olympics . she had been awarded the winter diagrams at the winter olympics olympics .
the international winter season is scheduled to be held in the same day .
the chinese government has always provided the ioc with the stipulation that athletes have been found using stimulants in the olympic games and will be abolished and deprived of the qualification for the games , but they are not subject to legal sanctions .
however , according to italian law , the athletes carrying and using stimulants belongs to the criminal act , and the judicial organs have the right to directly arrest and investigate the athletes who use stimulants , and to try the law with one heart and one mind is still facing three months to three years of imprisonment .
last december , the ioc and the italian government reached a consensus after a year of hard bargaining .
after the ioc 's unremitting efforts , italy has made great achievements in the four days before the opening of the winter olympics , and has promised that the police will not enter the olympic village to search the athlete 's place during the winter olympics games , but the athletes with positive medication will still accept the investigation by the italian procuratorial organ .
some reports say that the italian government is monitoring the winter olympics in winter , peres , an official of the italian government , has sent legenova 's stimulant to the dutch procuratorial organ .
however , the ioc and the peregrine himself have not confirmed the incident .
russia 's winter season is the last one of the two teams in the world , and the two teams are now in the process of the chinese nation 's modernization .
zeng qinghong , who had been in charge of the world anti - doping agency for many years , held that once the legends were sent back to china , this incident could eventually be very difficult .
history : the chinese government has always attached great importance to the friendly cooperation between the ioc and the italian government in the winter olympics , shi said , adding that even if the italian procuratorial organ really intervenes in this matter , it is hard to say .
according to the previous italian forecast for the use of stimulants in their athletes ,
therefore , the italian anta society 's senior reporter , leie , said that sending leapova into the prison was very rare in the microwave , and the most likely one was a fine .
pierre also said that although italy 's court could be inwarded , the italian police did not have the ability to send the leova back to prison .
if the leova refuses to accept the verdict , italy has no way to take it .
the comprehensive news is that the new epidemic points continue to appear in the countries of the world in strict precautions against fan
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 18 th , by reporter jing li and gao xianping reporting from the united states , bird flu has spread further in the african continent .
the world health organization confirmed on 17 april that three new sars cases have been detected in egypt .
in europe , france is also the first time to discover five kinds of bird flu viruses , and europe is highly vigilant and has strengthened measures for disease prevention .
the who 's east mediterranean consultant hassanal bush said on 17 november that the current number of people in cairo in central egypt and the southern minya region has already discovered the number of stoves of h5n1 avian flu virus , and the relevant departments of the egyptian government have started to kill poultry that is suspected of avian flu .
experts point out that egypt is the only country in the middle east and north africa to migratory birds , and the migratory birds bring the avian flu virus into the country is very likely to be brought to the country .
egypt has announced that it will ban the import of live poultry from abroad and strengthen the quarantine work at border control points .
the cameroon capital of jaounde , a chicken farm in the past week has already had more than 800 chickens dead in the past week .
the cameroon has decided to suspend the production of bird flu - like poultry from nigeria , which has been infected with the avian flu and suspend the import of poultry and related products on all markets along the border between the two countries .
khartoum is still in a short period of time , a network of monitoring the epidemic situation that covers the entire territory , and the basadir center and the national veterinary medical laboratory are also in an emergency awaiting order to launch laboratory tests on the 5001 virus at any time .
in europe , denmark and sweden , on 17 november , the epidemic has been initially eliminated .
sweden 's veterinary institute released a report on the discovery of the dead swans on wednesday , indicating that the swedish swans had no avian flu virus .
denmark 's national veterinary authority has confirmed that the number of birds in denmark has been more than 30 dead in recent days .
however , the agricultural department said denmark could not take it lightly .
the east european countries have already seen nine new bird flu - free zones since the beginning of this year , and the world health organization experts said in bucharest on 17 april that the bird flu has almost been detected in all parts of the danube delta region , and that romania may continue to be threatened by avian flu within three to five years .
in asia , the chinese government has adopted all necessary measures to prevent avian influenza .
the government will continue to provide the relevant government officials with information on the prevention of avian influenza and also organize poultry keeping personnel to undergo training .
( press photos )
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 18 th , according to the blood center of zhejiang province , china 's first system of sharing blood information data data management and control network was formally completed and put into use in the center recently .
the blood center of zhejiang province said that this means that any citizen will be able to live in a village in any county ( city 's jiaoji district ) in zhejiang province and that blood donation will have a single code of identity , and that when he is throwing blood again , he will be able to import relevant codes and then write blood records of individual information flowing blood during the last time of his blood donation , etc.
this spokesman pointed out that the chinese government has been very cautious in the import of relevant code records .
this will not only protect the lives of the devotion of blood , but also effectively protect the lives of the blood - borne people .
in addition , when the blood supply is tight , the donors and their relatives have the right to give priority to blood , so long as they import the effective documents of the donors , they can immediately show the information of the blood donors and make it quite convenient .
according to the hangzhou morning post , the current situation is very complicated .
to prevent the recurrence of landslide slide in the philippines , 11 villages in the philippines were evacuated .
xinhua news agency , manila , february 18 , philippine local authorities said on the 18th that the government has decided to set up a special committee to prevent the recurrence of similar landslide incidents in the eastern philippines .
the " new economy " of the united states is a major issue in the world , said romero leyas , an official of the state of the ryizers province .
the withdrawal will be completed in 11 villages .
laiya said that the government has already ordered the residents to withdraw yesterday , and today it has sent people to inspect these villages , because some people do not want to leave their homes .
on 17 april , the mountain slide occurred in the southern lesotho town of saint soiao in southern lesotho province . from the television picture , soil and stone plates have already buried all the villages , and only the house can be seen .
as the soil is very thin and humidity is very heavy , the soil is very humidity , and the hope that people who are buried below is very uncertain .
at present , there are 109 deaths , and another 57 people have been rescued .
according to estimates , the accident has caused a total of about 1 million deaths .
( overseas chinese )
xinhua news agency , fuzhou , february 19 ( reporter guo yu ) in january , quanzhou city 's export continued to maintain a high - speed growth trend .
according to statistics of the customs , in january , the export volume of quanzhou reached 330 - million us dollars , the best record in history , up 35.2 percent over the same period of last year , higher than the average growth rate of the entire province .
according to the information obtained by the quanzhou city foreign economic and trade bureau , the reason for the high - speed growth in foreign trade in quanzhou in january was mainly due to the fact that the export enthusiasm of enterprises was very vigorous , the quanzhou economy was operating in a lively manner , enterprise operational confidence was strengthened , and the environment for high - efficiency foreign trade development was unimpeded .
