the two sets of the computer , each carrying the princess 's death information , were stolen .
london , june 6 , 2007
the daily newspaper of london said two diana princess diana 's investigation of the accident in paris in 1997 was a computer mailed in the office of the former metropolitan metropolitan police chief .
the report pointed out that this theft has caused speculations among people that the computer may have hidden the secret of the name - list investigation by sir steve smith , the former metropolitan metropolitan police chief .
however , a spokesman for the metropolitan police station said that there was no sensitive information in the computer or related information .
sir steve is the first director of the british nobel police station , and his office is located in the taienho new hamburg area .
the report said that the nansobi police station 's staff had been tracing two theft cases in the past 10 days .
a serious traffic accident occurred during the weekend holidays from january 28 to 29 , including computers and cash , and no losses were recorded last week in the second theft .
the sasae police also said that there was no evidence to suggest that the two cases were related to sir steve 's work .
steve has been tracing the cause of princess williams ' death not directly because of the car accident .
the royal corpse , robert robert , continued to trace the relevant evidence in 2004 .
princess diana was killed in a car accident in paris on august 31 , 1997 , and she was also killed in the tunnel .
after two years of investigation , the french police believed that the car was driven by a driver 's drink driving and taking drugs , causing the car 's loss of control .
the two sides agreed to hold talks in geneva late this month
afp , lun po , july 7 .
norway , which is in the middle of the peace process , said that the sri lankan war groups agreed to hold talks in geneva on the 22nd of this month , thus defusing the stalemate in negotiations that has stagnated for several decades in the struggle for ending the bloody conflict .
norway peace envoy solheim said in london that he was " very happy " after meeting with the tamil tiger 's liberation tiger representatives balacan .
the norwegian embassy in beijing said in a statement that the various conflicts in sri lanka were created , that is , the sri lankan government and the tamil tiger liberation tigers , asking the norwegian government to help hold negotiations in geneva on february 22 and 23 .
the two - day talks will focus on how to strengthen the cease - fire agreement that came into effect on 23 february 2002 , which has not been fully observed by both sides .
the norwegian embassy pointed out that the two sides will discuss how to improve the implementation of the cease - fire agreement , and this is also the first time in three years that the two sides have engaged in face - to - face talks at such a high level .
solham said that he will lead the norwegian team to participate in the negotiations , and four representatives of the tamil tiger organization of liberation tigers led by barchan , while the sri lankan government was led by health minister .
he said : this is a small step leading to peace , but an important step is expected to be arduous in the process of negotiations .
the first face - to - face negotiations to resolve the ethnic conflict in sri lanka was held in japan in march 2003 , but the tamil tiger organization of liberation tigers cancelled the seventh round of talks originally scheduled for april 2003 in thailand .
north korean team to join hands in winter olympics
agence france - presse , great liberian , italy , april 10
the 20 th winter olympic games opened in du lin today . south korea and north korea , each other as enemies during the cold war , joined hands in the ceremony .
south korean women 's skating competitor lee po - la and north korean man 's flower - like skating player han cheng - jen , respectively as the two countries ' representative , and lead the south korean team to enter the winter olympic games .
this is the first time south korea and north korea have joined hands in the winter olympic games .
to reflect the spirit of unity of reconciliation and reconciliation between the two sides in recent years , the year of the sydney summer olympics and the summer olympic games in athens , 2004 , both south korea and north korea entered the games .
north korea has not taken part in the 19 th winter olympic games in yanhu city , the united states .
the korean peninsula was split into a north korean peninsula , which was a capitalist south and a communist north , and the two sides had antagonistic during the korean war between 1950 and 1953 .
south korean leaders meet in 2000 after a peace summit , relations between the two sides have turned better .
according to tradition , the greek representative team is the first country to participate in the competition , among the 80 countries participating in the competition , south korea is the 22 nd sunny north korea is the 23 rd country .
the landlord and the national volunteers are the last country to be admitted . when the volunteers entered the stadium , they immediately burst into warm cheers and applauses .
hovman has been indulged in drug delicious drugs and has been able to create an art performance in a timely manner .
new york , june 16 , 2007
it is generally acknowledged that it is the most hopeful hope to win this year 's oscar shadow , movie guolidier , the emperor guoliyang , the lead star of a cold blood , and the west of manila , who revealed that he had been indulged in the inextricable extravagance in drugs and wine when he was young , but fortunately , he was able to break through the order and successfully , and he was able
in an interview with the columbia broadcasting corporation 's news magazine , hugman said that in order to get drugs and wine during that period , it was really unscrupulous to resort to all kinds of means .
at that time he was only 20 , and just graduated from the academy of drama department of new york university , and he entered a five - colored society . he was quick in daily life transcendence , and finally he became unconscious and lost control .
he entered the tube center at 22 years old , and there was no habit of drinking alcohol and drugs , that was the most panic in his life .
the oscar award ceremony to be held next month will be a new milestone for the role of american writer koo - imperia , the famous baltic emperor , the emperor 's movie , the emperor 's legendary , and the world 's breeze , which is considered the best hope to win the championship .
before that , his exquisite performance skills had been confirmed , and had already won many confirmation , including the best male lead in the golden globe award .
the 38 - year - old actor said during the interview that if he did not complain before becoming famous , he would not have been able to get the nomination of oscar .
he said he admires those people who were 19 and suddenly became famous bronze performers .
four traces of bird flu found in europe , nigeria , liberia
brussels , june 16 , 2007
the tracks of the bird flu virus have been occurring in europe , causing anxiety .
eu executive committee has approved the establishment of a reshiite region to control all the regions of the countries that have discovered the virus , and to ban the transportation of all birds in the biological trade .
the african country , nigeria , and the world are experiencing the deadly panxi virus eight days after it was discovered , and the epidemic has been expanding to more farms , indicating that it has already crossed the northern border to enter niger .
egyptian officials are investigating a sudden outbreak of mass violence in a farm in the south , worrying that the virus might continue to spread .
the european chicken and meat markets were affected by the virus , with a big decline , and the eu executive committee stressed that there is no reason to panic .
the council is responsible for health and food safety , the executive board member , mr diepo , said that people are concerned about this matter , but there is no need for overreaction .
following the previous virus discovery of three - kilometer surrounding protection area and 10 - kilometer warning zone , the european commission has also issued new regulations to list all the virus found in the eu as the hailer region .
a eu official who declined to be named pointed out that everyone is very nervous , and they are handling the reports from all parts of europe from one day to the night , suspected that the epidemic has broken out .
so far , there have been a total of 8,127 killings in bulgaria 's kuroka , germany 's zurich province , and ukraine , ukraine , and russia 's territory in europe , and other places , all of which have been covered by the 5th virus , almost all of which are found in the wild swans .
romania discovered the 31 st case on the 16 th , with the exception of the lizan island in slovenia , lithuania and germany .
in southern italy , the bird flu virus was found on two ducks , the first wild swans in europe , and the first in the european region , the infant pane , is infected with the 56.1 virus .
the eu officials are most concerned about the upcoming return of migratory birds from africa .
the nigerian government is working harder to prevent the virus from spreading to humans in the african continent .
the government of nigeria announced that all the five - kilometer - long poultry species in the area near the infected farm were destroyed without the threat of the virus .
the japanese government of neighboring countries announced that the country had entered a state of alertness and allocated 4 million us dollars in emergency plans to monitor the border between nigeria and nigeria .
the newly established national emergency committee said that they have received a notice that the two countries have nearly 400 border guards in the border of massachusetts , malia , and some 400 birds .
the new regulation on management of the business of china 's electronic banking industry will come into force on march 1 .
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the chinese banking regulatory commission ( cbrc ) has recently issued a " report on management of electronic banking business " and " guidelines for the evaluation of e - banking security " to be implemented on march 1 , 2006 .
a spokesman for the banking regulatory commission said that according to the regulations of the management measures , the relevant examination and approval methods of foreign financial institutions have basically remained unchanged , that is , after foreign banks have been allowed to operate on - line banking businesses , if there is a need to increase the number of new online banking services , the bank should report them in a unified way and examine them in a unified way .
to standardize commercial banks ' business of using the internet to develop banking business , in june 2001 , the people 's bank of china formulated and promulgated the " interim procedures on management of internet banking . "
a spokesman for the banking regulatory commission said that with the continuous development of the electronic banking business of commercial banks , the interim procedures have no longer met the requirements of monitoring and controlling the risks of electronic banks . in this regard , the cbrc has formulated two new regulations .
according to a spokesperson of the banking regulatory commission , the confirmation of the financial quality of the safety assessment bodies is different from administrative licensing for industry access or enterprise access , not the essential conditions for the evaluation of the business of electronic banking by the institutions .
as long as the safety assessment organizations meet relevant requirements and requirements , without the qualifications of the banking regulatory commission , the financial institutions may also employ them to carry out an assessment of the safety of their electronic banking institutions , but they should be managed according to relevant regulations .
the " measures for management of electronic banking business " consists of nine chapters and 99 articles , which are divided into the management of the cross - border business activities of the management of cross - border business activities , including nine parts , administrative responsibility and supplementary provisions .
the " guidelines for the evaluation of the safety of electronic banks " consists of five chapters and 57 articles , which are divided into five parts , namely , the management and supplementary provisions of the hew safety assessment activities of the general welfare evaluation institution .
" mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , chen yun on investigation and study " published
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the " mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , deng xiaoping on investigation and study " , compiled by the party literature research center of the cpc central committee , was published and distributed recently by the central party literature publishing house .
conduct in - depth investigations and studies , persist in integrating theory with practice , and formulate and implement correct lines , principles , and policies ; this is the basic experience and basic work method of the cpc in leading revolution and building up stability .
mao zedong 's xiang zun yu , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , chen jiyun , and other revolutionaries of the older generation , made many important and brilliant expositions on the investigation and study issue . they also frequently went to the grass - roots level to personally conduct social surveys and wrote many investigation reports .
the practice and achievements of their investigation and study are of great significance in guiding the party and the people in developing their cause along a correct path .
" mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , and chen yun on investigation and study " are divided into three parts : the first part is the collection of comments from mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation on investigation and study , the second part is the text of mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation on investigation and study , and the third part is the third part written by mao zedong and liu shaoqi and liu shao@@
most of these reports were published for the first time .
in addition , there are two articles on investigation and study conducted by central leaders in the 1950 s and 1960 s .
russia reiterates adherence to one - china policy
moscow , february 6 ( xinhua ) russian deputy foreign minister alexeyev reiterated on the 6th that russia upholds the one - china stand when meeting with chinese ambassador to russia liu guchang .
alexeyev said that russia has noted chen shui - bian 's recent remarks on taiwan independence .
the russian government has always adhered to the one - china principle and firmly supported china 's efforts to realize the great cause of national reunification .
last year , after the chinese national people 's congress passed the " anti - secession law , " russia took the lead in openly expressing its support .
alexeyev said that the russian foreign ministry will issue a statement as soon as possible , reiterating the one - china stand , and opposing the republic of china 's independence .
third chinese taiwan compatriots hold talks in south africa in two days
johannesburg , february 6 ( xinhua ) chinese and fujian overseas chinese , lin yixing , were arrested by the chinese government in a local bar on the early morning of 5 february , local time in south africa , after being robbed by local militants .
according to feng yang , president of the federation of chinese people in liberzhou , the incident occurred in the city of verkamm city , a restaurant in the city of wellington , more than 130 kilometers northwest of burundi .
at that time , the owner of the store , lin yixing , was picking up the items on the bar and was preparing to end the business day .
at this moment , there were three customers in the shop , one of them dropped a pistol and dashed into the bar , and robberies were carried out .
the 40 - year - old lin yixing and the gang members fought a battle , and the gang fired a shot at lin yixing and fled after that .
the local people who heard the news came to the hospital to give lin yixing a medical treatment . because lin yixing 's body had a full body of thin and thin blood seepage , the blood was not stopped , and he died at about 3 : 30 am on 6 february .
on 6 february , the chinese consulate general in johannesburg xu defu and wu jiang , and vice president of the association of chinese fujian in south africa lin changming and others rushed to burundi to help the family of the deceased handle the aftermath .
lin yixing became the third suspect of the chinese who was shot and killed by the robbers within 36 hours , and was also the fourth chinese killed in south africa since the beginning of this year .
( selected newspaper collections ) shanghai : part - time workers and college graduates become the main force of hours of work
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 7 , the labor and social security bureau of shanghai municipality issued its latest annual wage guide price for 2006 , with 120 jobs in number , 11 more than last time . the original job performance was mixed with the growth of money .
according to an estimate by a relevant expert from the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau , currently , shanghai 's employees in the hours have exceeded 1 million .
according to the zhongguo qingnian bao report , college graduates and part - time workers are the main components of the team of hours of work .
through direct investigation of nearly 8,000 hours of work , more than half of the staff are part - time workers , and their proportion is 51.1 percent .
the cultural level of concurrent workers is generally higher , mainly engaged in relatively strong technical work , such as translating positions and part - time personnel , as high as 81.7 percent , and the health category reached 61.66 percent .
high income is an important reason for many people to work in a part - time job .
it is understood that the monthly income of individual posts can reach several tens of thousands yuan , and it is hard to seek , just as the transcript of the speech is used , the monthly income of the working posts can be more than 2,000 yuan , such as part - time financial couples and cousins .
it is also a part - time job to satisfy his own interest in expanding his knowledge .
for example , mr. gu , who is the manager of the human resources department of a certain enterprise , will take a few hours a week to handle the financial accounts of a foreign business representative office .
mr koo believes that the greatest part - time earnings are to enable their knowledge to be constantly updated and that there is an opportunity to involve another field . of course , the monthly income of 2000 is also quite attractive .
as some - hour employment threshold is low , and work style is flexible and free , it is gradually popular among many graduates who are currently seeking jobs , and 140 percent of the work hours are middle and tertiary graduates in the past three years .
i did n't want to do an hour of work at the beginning , but after i did it for a few months , i felt it was better than the five working days of the korean dynasty .
after graduating from college , university student huang did not do his job as good as expected . he finally hung his name at a guesthouse and used the piano to play a background music .
i am very satisfied with the current work , and the environment is 100 yuan per hour . what i want to do now is to find a few more hours of work .
it is understood that hours of work has become a major part of the effort of some graduates working in job creation to accumulate experience and improve their skills and skills to improve their skills .
graduates do hours of work , mainly focusing on the knowledge and technical skills , such as translation posts with a strong sense of specialty , performing arts with a strong epoch , and their proportion are 22.1 % and 26.8 % respectively .
some of the jobs required are not high in terms of skills , such as food promotion and marketing agents , and so on , and unemployed personnel can be employed after simple training .
data shows that among the workers engaged in the hours , the number of unemployed people was 39,000 , of which the proportion of retail and middle - aged unemployed people was as high as 68.4 percent , the proportion of catering and drinking was 58.7 percent , and the hours of work became an important channel for employment of unemployed personnel .
wu bangguo inspects anhui
beijing , february 8 ( xinhua ) the cpc central committee political bureau standing committee member and vice chairman of the standing committee of the national people 's congress wu bangguo , member of the standing committee of the political bureau of the cpc central committee , stressed during his recent inspection tour of anhui that we should take the important thinking of the three represents as our guide , persist in using the scientific development concept to command the overall situation of economic and social development , seriously implement the central principles and policies in light of local realities
from 6 to 8 february , wu bangguo went to the wuxi lake and other places in maanshan to inspect the enterprises ' qilu village scientific research institute and institutions of higher learning .
wu bangguo pointed out : anhui has a location to link with xichang in the east and xichang in the south . it is an important agricultural region in china . it has rich natural resources , has a good industrial foundation , has a strong scientific and technological force , and enjoys abundant cultural and tourism resources . it has great potential for development .
anhui must firmly seize the important opportunity of promoting the rise of the central region , always persist in the central task of economic construction , seriously implement the central authorities ' principles and policies in close connection with anhui 's reality , creatively unfold work , implement the scientific development concept in specific measures , and implement it in practical work .
we should sum up practical experience in a timely manner , fully rely on the masses , vigorously support reform and innovation , and constantly create a new situation in anhui 's work .
we should actively promote the building of a harmonious society , persistently regard the realization of the fundamental interests of the overwhelming majority of the people as the starting point and the end - result of all our work , actively create conditions , gradually resolve the practical problems of the masses in difficulties , gradually readjust distribution relationships , gradually change the dual structure of urban and rural areas , gradually reduce the gap in regions , safeguard and realize social fairness and justice , and enable all the people to share the fruits of reform and development .
wu bangguo stressed : china has reached the stage of development that we must rely more on enhancing our ability to make independent innovations and improving the quality of workers to promote economic and social development . only by vigorously promoting scientific and technological progress and innovation can we achieve a qualitative leap in productive forces and promote economic and social development in a down - to - earth manner .
we should establish and perfect as soon as possible a system and mechanism that is conducive to innovation , increase investment in science and technology , encourage patent inventions , develop famous brands , speed up the transformation of scientific and technological achievements into real productive forces , strengthen enterprises ' status as the main body in independent innovation , and continuously raise the rate of contribution of scientific and technological progress to economic growth .
we should support and encourage the participation of key technological elements in distribution , establish and perfect a statistical index system that embodies the ability to independently innovate , study and formulate policies to support independent innovation in fiscal affairs , taxation , and government procurement , and form a policy system to encourage independent innovation .
we must cultivate the awareness of innovation in the whole society , vigorously advocate the spirit of daring to innovate and be bold in competition , and strive to create a good atmosphere in which people have a large number of talents come forth .
wu bangguo pointed out : in the process of building a socialist country ruled by law , the people 's congress has played an increasingly important role in governing the country according to law .
to do well the work of the people 's congresses in the new situation , first , we must uphold the correct political orientation , unswervingly follow the path of socialist political development with chinese characteristics , and organically integrate upholding the party 's leadership over the people and governing the country according to law .
second , we should closely center our work around the overall situation of the party and the state , closely center our work around the major issues in reform , development , and stability , and closely center our work around hot and difficult issues of common concern to the masses of the people , and constantly increase the practical results of the npc 's work .
third , it is necessary to give play to the characteristics and advantages of the work of the people 's congress , uphold democratic centralism , act according to the law , and decide issues collectively .
we must adhere to the mass line , take people as the foundation , exercise power for the people , be concerned with the people , and work for the people .
china proposes research on the research of major science projects for 15 years
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) china has made great efforts to promote sustainable development and achieve major breakthroughs in the " state medium @ - and long - term scientific and technological development program " ( 2006 - 2020 ) , which was promulgated by the state council on 9 february .
the four major scientific projects are research on protein nature , the research on the regulation and control of nanyang rice , and the research on development and reproductive .
the outline pointed out that protein science is the scientific commanding height of life that developed countries are now contending with fierce contention .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on studying the study of the suite group of key biological systems , the bio - protein group , the daizer group , the bio - mechanics group , the bio - study and the system - based biology and the research on protein , and the relevant basic research on the application of the biomass .
the outline also holds that quantitative regulation and research is of a clear forward - looking nature and may have a difficult impact on human social and economic development by 20-30 .
china will focus on studying the carrier and principles and methods of regulation and control of quantum communications , calculating the strength of the means , the new quantum effect of limited quantum system , the new principles and new technological basis for regulation and control and measurement of the quantum system , and so on .
in addition , the outline points out that nano technology has become a strategic choice for many countries to upgrade their core competitiveness , and is also one of the areas in which china is expected to achieve leap - forward development .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on the research in this field , including the control of the nanotechnology material , self - assembling and functional , the nanotechnology institute and nanotechnology , nanotechnology specialization and measurement , and the energy and environment of energy resources , the technology of nanotechnology and the environment of information technology , etc. , and the application of nanotechnology in energy environment , environment , environment , and other areas .
china 's population growth is large , there are many birth defects , and there is a serious shortage of transplants , and the peak of aging is approaching . therefore , it is urgently necessary to make breakthroughs in the theory of breeding and developing science and technology .
according to the outline , china will focus on research on the growth of heating and dividing of stem cells and regulation in 2006 - 2020 , maturity and suscitation of cells , the decline in human reproductive functions and the mechanism for retreating of pathogenic illness , and the safety and ethics of corrosive cells .
shanghai 's housing price decline nearly 7 percentage points in 1999
shanghai , february 9 ( xinhua ) the state has decided to implement the macro - control policies for the real estate sector in 2005 , which will achieve remarkable results in shanghai .
according to the latest data released , shanghai 's real estate industry indicators dropped or slowed down considerably last year .
the increase in commodity housing prices dropped 6.6 percentage points over the previous year , while the added value of real estate industry dropped 4.1 percent from the previous year .
at a recent news briefing , pan jianxin , director of the shanghai municipal bureau of statistics , said that in 2005 , the average selling price of residential housing in shanghai was 6698 yuan per square meter , up 313 yuan over 2004 .
the annual price of residential housing rose 9.2 percent over the previous year , a 6.6 percentage point drop compared with the same period last year .
the annual added value of the real estate industry was 67.023 billion yuan , down 4.1 percent from the previous year .
among the loans of financial institutions , the outstanding amount of loans for personal housing was 26.494 - billion yuan , only 20.44 - billion yuan in the year , and the newly added amount of loans in 2004 reached 72.09 - billion yuan .
pan jianxin said that judging from the sales price of shanghai 's real estate throughout the year , the price of selling commercial housing has been steadily falling .
the statistical report also shows that according to the latest data , shanghai 's real estate price increase dropped somewhat in 2005 , and the average selling price of residential housing was 6698 yuan per square meter , up 313 yuan compared with 2004 .
in 2005 , the housing sales price level increased by 9.7 percent over the previous year , a 6.2 percentage point drop from the previous year .
according to his briefing , last year shanghai 's real estate development investment reached 124.686 billion yuan , up 6.1 percent from the previous year .
the sales area of the land was 31.587 million square meters , down 9.55 percent .
the annual sales of commercial housing totaled 21.63 billion yuan , down 4.55 percent from the previous year .
two light aircraft crashes in new zealand
wellington , february 9 ( xinhua ) two new zealand light planes arrived in the area of heung nong , about 100 kilometers north of the capital of wellington on the 9th , killing two flight school students on board .
according to a relevant responsible person of the local civil aviation department , the pilots of the two aircraft were all cadets of the school of flight of the university of marxi . they were still undergoing training and have not obtained a flying license .
at the time of the incident , the two planes were in a non - air control zone . according to regulations , the pilot should be responsible for the aircraft 's navigation and security conditions when flying in such a region .
a witness at the scene of the incident told the new zealand media that he heard the sound of the explosion when the plane collided and saw the plane crashed quickly on the ground .
another witnesses also confirmed that before the plane crashed , they heard the sound of the explosion and saw the plane crash .
the cause of the collision is still not clear , and the local civil aviation department will investigate this .
chinese , argentine nationals condemn chen shui - bian 's remarks on taiwan independence
buenos aires , february 8 ( xinhua ) the chinese delegation , founded by overseas chinese and ethnic chinese in argentina , issued a solemn statement on the 8th , strongly condemning chen shui - bian 's recent remarks on taiwan independence and opposing any attempt to separate taiwan from china .
the statement said : in his speech on 29 january , chen shui - bian declared that he would abolish the guinea alliance and the peace program of the kingdom of guinea , and that he would take another step forward toward taiwan independence .
the expectations of compatriots on both sides of the strait for peace and the good wishes of taiwan compatriots for peace , stability , and development will face severe challenges .
the statement pointed out that resolutely opposing and containing the separatist activities of taiwan independence and suppressing taiwan independence and maintaining peace and stability in the taiwan strait region remains the most pressing task for compatriots on both sides of the strait and the chinese community around the world .
the statement stressed that the argentine association for promoting china 's peaceful reunification is willing to unite with all overseas chinese and ethnic chinese in argentina who uphold the one - china principle , resolutely oppose any form of taiwan independence , and actively promote china 's peaceful reunification .
prc expert : us preaching china 's military threat groundless
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the united states has decided to send a bill to congress a few days ago to review the defense of china , which is most likely to have a military challenge to the united states .
experts believe that this is unreasonable accusation and exaggerating the military threat of china 's normal national defense construction and interference in china 's internal affairs .
the " four - year defense assessment report " is a new defense guiding document of the pentagon .
the 92 - page report uses three paragraph to explain the issue of china 's military strength and the countermeasures that the united states should adopt to the report on 15 occasions directly mention the two foreign remittance of china or the liquid term of china , saying that as a major and emerging power , china has the potential to compete with the united states in military affairs , and that china may very well develop , in the form of traditional weapons and thus destroy the us military superiority .
yao yunzhu , a research fellow of the world military research department of the chinese academy of military sciences , said that although senior us officials had expressed similar views many times before , this is the first time that the united states has proposed in the us defense strategy report that china is the newer power that most likely to pose a military challenge to the united states .
the report clearly for the first time made russia 's sunni india as a new strategic opponent , especially the so - called china threat threat , a country with more attention .
major general peng guangqian , research fellow of the chinese academy of military sciences , said :
what merits attention is that in the same breath as the " four - year defense assessment report , " us president bush also submitted to congress the 2007 government budget , including the defense budget reaching $ 43.93 - billion .
if the military action to be taken in iraq and afghanistan is added to the budget , the us defense budget for 2007 will break the $ 500 - billion mark , set a new record , zang kui - chien said , and the defense budget will be almost equivalent to the sum and expenditure of the military spending of all other countries in the world .
peng guangqian said that the us fabricated the threat of other countries ' threats have reflected the consistent style of the pentagon that has created an enemy and has its real purpose in striving for more national defense funds and in order to earn more profits for the us munitions industrial group .
experts say that compared with the huge us military spending , china 's national defense spending is quite limited .
military experts who have participated in the white paper on china 's national defense , deng hongzhou , said that since the 1990 's , with economic development , china 's national defense expenditures have increased somewhat , but the proportion of national financial expenditures in the same period has shown a decline .
official data show that in 2004 , compared with 1979 , china 's defense expenditures dropped nearly 10 percentage points in the same period .
china 's national defense spending in 2005 was 244.656 billion yuan , only about one - fourth of the united states ' total , and the per capita military spending was only about one - sixtieth of the united states ' military spending , and the per capita military spending was about one - thirty of the us military .
the united states ' territorial area is generally similar to china 's territory , but the difference in military spending is so huge , which is in the end who has exceeded the proper defense needs , and this is self - evident .
peng guangqian said :
teng jianqun , director of the research department of the china arms control and disarmament association , said that the us side should objectively evaluate china 's military construction , and that china 's peaceful development does not mean that china and the united states will become military rivals in the future .
the white paper entitled " china 's national defense in 2004 " says that china firmly follows the path of peaceful development and practices a defensive national defense policy .
china has not been so far nor will it pose a threat to any country in the past or in the future .
so far , china has not established military bases in any other country , nor has it sent a single soldier to other countries , while the united states has over 100 military bases abroad , and has deployed more than 100,000 troops in the asian region alone .
professor zhu feng of the institute of international relations of beijing university said that china and the united states should increase communication and exchanges through the established channels , promote mutual understanding and mutual trust , comprehensively promote the constructive and cooperative relations between china and the united states in the new century , and jointly promote the maintenance of world peace and development .
( winter olympic games ) the opening ceremony of the winter olympic games in turin will be filled with passion
xinhua news agency , duin , february 9 th , by reporter ying yan tao ding , the opening ceremony of the 20 th winter olympic games will be officially opened at 8 : 00 p.m . local time on the 10th at the turin olympic stadium .
on 9 april , the organizing committee of the winter olympic games in turin disclosed to reporters the brilliant arrangements of the opening ceremony in advance .
as for the opening ceremony , president of the organizing committee , carlos royn said at a press conference that the opening ceremony cost a total of 10 million euros , which is the top - level italian talent in various fields .
he said that the night of 10 april will be unforgettable . at that time , 350,000 viewers and about 2 - billion television viewers around the world will see the opening ceremony full of passive love and successful .
the warm flame of the fire was warm , the five red and colorful pigeons of the pigeons and the white snow and milk cows in the british columns will appear at the opening ceremony , the director said that the passion and vitality and the italian - style cunning talent will become the theme of the opening ceremony , and that he will demonstrate to the people the four winter olympic games that have long - standing spirit and cultural style of culture and the
the famous italian designer amani specially designed the garments for the opening ceremony , and the famous italian fashion brand , the famous italian fashion brand , mitchell , will provide a courtesy for the athletes ' entry ceremony .
however , is the famous italian man , voice parovotti , a song , a song at the opening ceremony , and the organizing committee will leave this suspense in the end .
eight frightened athletes who were able to spray flame on their head , used the three - meter - long flame to demonstrate the enthusiasm of the burning , and they would fly many times at the site at a speed of 70 kilometers .
the official said that this was the most satisfactory creation in the performance of the opening ceremony .
on how to ignite the torch , the organizing committee did not release ahead of schedule , but the 57 - meter - old main torch platform will light the capital and residents in the vicinity of the alps mountain .
white house announces bush 's planned visit to pakistan and india in march
washington , february 9 ( xinhua ) us white house spokesman mcclellan said here today that although the blasphemy of islamic islamic islamic mohammed is is causing serious problems in the islamic world , bush 's still - @ " hard - line " activities are still going to be planned to visit pakistan and india in march .
mcclellan said bush is looking forward to visiting pakistan and india .
he also said that he is making arrangements for this visit .
mcclellan held various demonstrations in some areas of pakistan to protest against the blasphemy of islamic islamic preaching mohammed .
in january , when bush met with pakistani prime minister aziz at the white house , the two sides indicated that they would strengthen friendly cooperation and jointly crack down on terrorism that endanger the security of the two countries .
bush also said that at the invitation of the pakistani and indian governments , he will visit pakistan and india in march .
hamas seeks breakthrough in cabinet formation
ramallah , february 9 ( xinhua ) hamas has decided to form new cabinet to seek breakthroughs
xinhua news agency , beijing , june 21 ,
the palestinian islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) won the election of the legislative council , how to draw a blueprint of the new government has become the focus of international attention at present .
what new policy hamas will pursue will directly influence the next policy orientation of the parties concerned in the peace process .
at the same time , the us and israel 's boycott attitude has added variables to the future of the hamas government .
at present , the parties concerned in palestine are stepping up consultations to discuss the difficulties and sensitive points in the formation of the cabinet that involve future developments .
which family is the prime minister 's post blooming ?
after hamas was formed , some people outside the country were worried that hamas ' prime minister 's current leader might have a difference with the current supreme leader abbas .
moreover , hamas leader mahathir , who is currently visiting egypt , stressed that the new palestinian government formed by hamas will not recognize israel , and this tough signal has also aggravated international concern .
the united states and israel clearly indicated that they would not accept a hamas government that has the power to control , and threatened to suspend economic aid to palestine and to pass tax on it .
however , this does not hinder hamas from making flexible strategic adjustments and selecting an independent person is a compromise .
it is reported that in order to obtain international recognition to the maximum , the hamas leaders at home and abroad who gathered in egypt recently decided to elect the independent hamas chairman jamali al-ahmadi , who is also chairman of the board of directors of islamic university , to be the new prime minister .
this move has not yet been responded by the relevant parties .
palestinian analyst hussein said that the most important thing is whether the prime minister 's position is to weaken hamas 's strong color as far as possible , and only this can guarantee the success of the cabinet .
how to distribute power ?
in the meantime , the biggest challenge facing the hamas cabinet is that it lacks sufficient experience in governance .
palestinian daily said in a document that hamas has gathered in the public through social welfare projects but lacks experience in governing and has the experience of ruling the palestinian national liberation movement ( fatah ) , which has the experience of governance .
hamas proposed to establish a political partnership with fatah after the election , and jointly form a national coalition government , but fatah has not given a positive response to this day .
fatah has different opinions on whether to enter the cabinet , and the one faction advocates taking part in the new government , so as to accomplish something . the other faction is willing to do a positive opposition in the legislative council .
the informed source pointed out that , with abbas 's advice , fatah gradually tends to join the new government .
even so , hamas and fatah will also bargain over the distribution of their cabinet posts .
in addition , the other way is to form a legislative committee framework that is out of line with the party 's subordinate cabinet .
it is reported that hamas has also designed a qing - coloured expert - type government , but it is not known whether it is a specific list .
in view of the us and israel 's attitude , the technical expert - type government has also become a form of cabinet - forming to relieve external pressure .
according to the provisions of the palestinian " basic law , " after the new legislative council took office on 16 june , the work of nominating the prime minister and forming the cabinet will be completed within three to five weeks .
what course will the armed forces follow ?
the weapons in the hands of hamas are another thorny issue facing the establishment of a new government .
the united states and israel are extremely tough , and they resolutely demand that hamas give up violence and reject political participation by armed forces .
hamas leader mahathir stressed on 9 july that armed resistance is the group 's strategic choice .
the armed forces issue actually includes the legality of weapons and the management of the armed forces .
hamas has been elected the largest party in the legislative council through democracy and freedom , and has made it the same old way as the ruling party in the government .
hamas has proposed to unify all factions into the armed forces of palestinian national authority , but has not received any extensive response , and has also been attacked by the islamic jihad organization ( islamic jihad ) .
at present , palestine has more than 60,000 security personnel , and the majority of them are from the fatah camp .
in addition , fatah has some armed factions that have slackened their organizational relations , such as the martyr al-masaki , the martyr masahi , and others .
hamas , which is responsible for forming the cabinet , must reach agreement with abbas on how to manage the armed forces that are in power and rationally distribute the right to safety management .
according to local media reports , abbas intends to be in charge of security and intelligence troops , police , civil defense , and other organizations , but are under the administration of the interior ministry of the new government .
however , the parties are still holding consultations on this sensitive issue , and so far there is no further document .
china publishes polar study report
beijing , february 10 ( xinhua ) china 's state oceanic administration has issued its 2005 polar survey report , which is the first time china has launched polar scientific research activities for more than 20 years .
the " report " fully reflects the achievements made in the 2005 polar scientific research campaign in china in polar field , the main progress and the achievements in polar field scientific research .
according to the " report , " at 21:15 on 9 january 2005 ( beijing time ) , china 's antarctic expedition team successfully landed on the top of the highest icecap icecap region in the southern pole . it was also confirmed at 3:15 on 18 january ( beijing time ) that the heping plateau was 4,093 meters high on the heights of the ice .
the world 's most competitive world , china 's people , shen yang , are strong and fearless , and they have the courage to open up new spheres . first , they have launched the attacks on the most heated areas of the southern pole and scored one success after another , thus realizing another dream of mankind in the polar world .
sun zhihui , director of the state oceanic administration , said :
the " report " shows that on 24 march 2005 , china 's 21st antarctic expedition team successfully completed its mission and returned to shanghai . the inspection lasted 151 days and 2,500 nautical miles .
on 18 november the same year , china 's 22 nd antarctic expedition team left shanghai and went to the antarctic zhongshan station to conduct scientific examinations . it will leave zhongshan station before the end of february 2006 and travel to shanghai via australia .
because it was the first polar study report published by china , the " 2005 china polar study report " also gave a comprehensive evaluation of the research project of china 's polar world , which started in the early 1980 's .
according to the " report , " china formally joined the " antarctic treaty " in 1983 , becoming a member of the antarctic treaty organization and successively becoming a member of the antarctic treaty consultative body , the country 's largest scientific research council , and the council of directors of the nanpolar region , which has the greatest impact .
in 1997 , china became a member of the north pole science committee and won the right to speak and to make decisions in international polar affairs .
the " report " points out that over the past 20 years or so , china 's polar exploration has been conducted from a very far - fold way to the world , and has developed its initial scale . the first shipborne sunshine , the nanchang pole scientific inspection system , which has been formed , has been formed . that is , the nanpolar changcheng station established in february 1985 , the zhongshan station in february 1989 , the north pole station established in july 2004 ,
statistics from the " report " show that by the end of 2005 , china had organized 22 southern pole scientific studies to inspect the dipolar pole on two occasions , with the snowlong liaolang boat as the carrier - carrying the platform , the north pole scientific study on the two batches of the north pole pole station , and so far , more than 3,000 probationary members have visited the north pole in person to inspect the site .
now , we are making preparations for the establishment of the third antarctic expedition station , and also china 's first antarctic inland inspection station to conduct feasibility study .
sun zhihui said :
after more than 20 years of hard work , china 's polar exploration undertaking has occupied a position in the world polar field , but compared with other major polar countries , there is still a big gap between china and other major polar countries . we must catch up with the world 's top - level inspection .
he said .
sun zhifhui revealed that china will publish an extreme inspection report every year .
castro meets chinese president on scientific , technological cooperation
havana , february 10 ( xinhua ) president castro of the council of state of cuba met with visiting chinese state councilor chen zhili on monday , and both sides expressed the need to strengthen mutually beneficial cooperation in education , science and technology and other fields .
president castro warmly welcomed state councilor chen zhili on his visit to cuba .
he said that cuba - china relations are very friendly , and high - level exchanges of visits have been frequent , which have effectively promoted and strengthened bilateral friendship and mutual understanding , and hopes that the two countries will continue to deepen mutually beneficial cooperation in all fields , including education , science and technology .
chen zhili said : cuba is an influential country in latin america and the caribbean region .
the friendly exchanges between the chinese and cuban peoples date back to ancient times .
cuba is the first latin american country to establish diplomatic relations with new china .
after entering the new century , with the concern and promotion of leaders of the two countries , the mutual political trust between the two countries has deepened with each passing day , the scope of cooperation has been expanding , mutual support and cooperation in international affairs , and sino - cuban friendly relations have entered a new period of comprehensive development .
she believed that with the joint efforts of both sides , sino - cuban friendly cooperation will certainly achieve still more fruitful results .
chen zhili also pointed out that the chinese government has always attached importance to exchanges and cooperation with cuba in the education field .
in recent years , the two countries have witnessed increasingly close educational exchanges and frequent personnel exchanges .
china actively supports the international conference held by cuba and has sent a delegation to attend the previous world higher education conference and the 2005 illiteracy conference .
cuba 's level of basic education is very high , and it is hoped that relevant experience and exchanges will be further strengthened in the future .
chen zhili said : china and cuba have various advantages in scientific and technological research and development . through cooperation in various fields , they can achieve mutual benefit and win - win results .
the chinese side has provided aid to cuba in some scientific research equipment and hopes to play a positive role in cuba 's scientific research and production .
she also briefed castro on china 's strategy of revitalizing the country through science and education and the national science and technology conference .
chen zhili arrived in havana on 9 february local time at the invitation of the cuban government , starting his visit to cuba .
during the meeting , chen zhili met with vitorino , minister of high education of cuba , and inspected the zoo marti university of havana , and the shengli elementary school .
the accident occurred at the beijing - kazakhstan highway , and some sections of roads were closed .
harbin , february 11 ( xinhua ) the beijing - kazakhstan highway is 58 kilometers away from the beijing - ha highway at about 2300 hours on february 10 , leading to the closure of some sections of the road .
according to the police of the traffic police unit of the shuangcheng city public security bureau , at about 2300 hours on 10 april , three collision occurred at 58 kilometers of the jingha highway . a car of a frigate and an oil tanker crashed together , and the cracks of the oil tanker were leaked , and the waste oil flowed into the road .
it is understood that after the oil tanker was carrying waste oil , which was manufactured in an imminent coke .
because of the dense waste oil and the danger of flame in past vehicles , the departments concerned have closed the roads at the scene .
some highways in harbin heading for the two cities were closed , and many vehicles were bypassed .
at present , the departments concerned are screening the site and the cause of the accident is under investigation .
hk , taiwan announced three - year old frigate of italy 's dixi
hong kong , february 11 ( xinhua ) the hutchison whampoa company , ltd. announced on tuesday that its three - way telecom company , zigui , will be listed on the market in italy .
huo jianning , general manager of the huanggang group , said that although the three italian formulas have been approved by all relevant regulatory bodies on the market , it is really too hasty to complete the stock offering process in the next few weeks because the procedures for the offering of shares have to be completed .
at the same time , the current weak telecommunications market in europe may not necessarily give the three italian rival rituals a suitable share of the market at this moment .
in view of the consideration that shareholders will be given the greatest interest , the decision to postpone the listing of the shares is to be listed on the stock market .
as for when the company will be listed on the market , huo jianning said that it will depend on the future situation of the european telecommunications market .
he said that from now until the time of the separate offering of shares , the three italian businesses need to launch extensive investment activities to enable the global telecommunications market to clearly understand the strong performance and favorable prospects of italy 's current investment market .
according to the media reports , the investment bank of kao sheng , one of the three italian competitors in the world , agreed to use 420 - million euros to sell shares in italy by private sale , holding 103 percent of the total volume of foreign exchange , and expecting to be completed by the end of march this year .
china , myanmar to develop economic ties , trade , economic cooperation
yangon , february 12 ( xinhua ) chinese ambassador to myanmar guan xi and economic and trade counsellor tang hai , who were here to attend the china - myanmar economic and trade cooperation forum , said in an exclusive interview with xinhua on the eve of his visit to china on 14 february that the economic and trade relations between china and burma have now shown a good trend of mutual benefit and mutual benefit , which is rich in content and varied in variety .
ambassador guan said : in recent years , the sino - burmese good - neighborly and friendly relations , which have been established on the basis of the five principles of peaceful coexistence , have been consolidated and developed , exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been expanding and deepening day by day , and economic and trade relations between the two countries have been continually expanding and strengthening .
counselor tang hai said that the exchange of high - level visits between the two countries has effectively promoted the development of bilateral economic and trade cooperation .
during the 2004 high - level exchange of visits , the two sides signed 33 agreements on economic and trade cooperation , most of which are being implemented and implemented .
he said that the year 2004 will be $ 1.44 - billion , and $ 1.29 - billion by 2005 , of which china 's exports will be $ 935 - billion and imports $ 274 - billion .
in bilateral trade last year , china 's trade with yunnan and myanmar reached $ 630 - million , up 14.6 percent over the previous year .
tang said myanmar has become an important market for chinese enterprises to contract their projects , including power plants , power stations , bridges , factories , and factories ( such as sugar detonators , garmy plants , diarrhea plants , and paper factories ) .
chinese enterprises have launched engineering businesses in myanmar , which has led to the export of all kinds of complete sets of electrical and mechanical products in china , and myanmar has become one of the important markets for china 's complete sets of equipment and electrical and mechanical products .
according to chinese customs statistics , in the past five to six years , the export volume of mechanical and electrical products has accounted for about 45.5 percent of china 's total exports to myanmar .
counselor tang also said that myanmar has rich resources and the chinese company has started investing in the resource development projects such as the burmese oil and natural gas hailu mineral and other natural resources , and there is great potential for the development of sino - burmese economic and trade cooperation .
he hoped that chinese enterprises would have a long - term vision , learn how to avoid risks and make prudent decisions , establish a good image of enterprises , ensure quality and ensure that projects are completed on schedule , and strive for the glory of the country .
ambassador guan xi and counsellor tang hai both maintained that prime minister soe win 's upcoming official visit to china is a major event in bilateral relations this year , and it is of great significance to promoting political mutual trust , promoting bilateral cooperation , and promoting the further development of sino - burmese good - neighborly and friendly relations .
it is estimated that the two sides will sign several agreements on economic and trade cooperation during the visit .
world bank to reduce debt of poorest countries
moscow , february 11 ( xinhua ) world bank president wolfowitz said in moscow on the 11th that the world bank will completely eliminate the debts of the poorest countries by the middle of this year .
wolfowitz held talks with the finance ministers of the member states who came to attend the g - 8 finance ministers ' meeting in moscow on the same day .
he said in a statement issued after the meeting that the world bank will implement the debt reduction and exemption plan before 1 july this year , and the world bank is now doing all its technical work .
last year , the world bank donor countries completely relied on the debts owed by 28 countries , and indicated that they would fill the funds for the trust fund .
the international monetary fund has a rather small amount of creditor 's rights , and the organization has started to reduce or waive its debts by the end of 2005 .
in addition , the decision made by wolfowitz to exempt russia from debts of 16 african countries .
high - tech digital television becomes mainstream in the united states
new york , february 12 ( xinhua ) with the high resolution digital television sets ( likui ) , the price of the digital television sets has declined and the market has been expanding , and the us television transmission agency has also stepped up its efforts to introduce corresponding high - tech television programs .
the curtain on the first set of american super frost , the us super frost , has become a hot match among american broadcasting players in greeting the era of the high qing dynasty .
according to a report in the financial times a few days ago , the us congress recently passed a bill , stipulating that the american broadcasting industry must stop its current simulated television signal on 17 february 2009 and only send digital signals .
this means that the comprehensive digitization of the program of the us television program has already set a clear timetable .
the popularization of high - resolution digital television depends on the purchase of television sets by consumers on the one hand , while on the other hand , it is necessary to rely on the manufacturing organizations to provide high - quality digital programs .
although digital television has been repeatedly mentioned in the past few years , it has never become a reality .
this problem has taken a turn for the better this year .
according to the forecast of the us consumer electronics association , the number of digital television sets will exceed the traditional tvs this year , while 85.0 percent of the digital tv sets will be high - resolution products .
japanese researchers develop new highly efficient human kidney
xinhua news agency , tokyo , february 13 ( reporter qian zheng ) research personnel of the east china sea university of japan developed a biosafety - two - man kidney function , which is not only the same as human kidney , but also has the function of retaining the useful components , and is also small in size and easy to transplant . with the in - depth study , it is expected that the kidney patients will bring fusion .
according to a recent report by the " japan economic and trade news , " the newly developed biological man - made kidneys are mainly composed of two parts , some of which are filtered from blood for thermal juliar and diving , and others are used to revisit their blood under the tumultuous tumors of the original mammoth dious diaquarium , amond acid , and other elements of the original urine .
the man made a kidney , and the fragile tube was made from the silk line in the middle air , and the people were filled with the inner side with the dim - diving function of the dehydration .
this skin cell can make blood penetration of the disease that has caused many times to analyze the mystery of the disease , and the muzzle of the diameter , which has been dividing into amazic acid and returning to the blood , and at the same time can also make sure that the glucose and mineral substances needed by the body can be re - entered into their blood .
in the past , the human - made kidney was used to substitute for vexation , and it could not be completely removed , and it was not capable of removing the components of amino acid and other components to the blood .
the researchers used the sheep to carry out the biosafety - one kidney transplant experiment , and the human - made walls of the middle - air silk line used pig - skin cells .
two weeks later , the researchers confirmed that human beings of the kidney had already been able to function .
at present , they are developing biographic kidney that uses human kidney cells and will start clinical research after testing their safety .
china 's power industry still faces severe challenges
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the state power supervision and management commission ( sdrc ) , which is to be established in 2005 , is still facing severe challenges despite the steady trend of the power industry safety in 2005 , said a responsible official from the state power supervision and management commission ( sdrc ) .
in a meeting held here , shi yubo , vice chairman of the state electric power supervision commission , said that china 's power safety production will be stable overall in 2005 , and that china 's power industry will be able to fulfill its task of meeting the power industry and the summer peak , ensure safety in electricity supply , actively deal with natural disasters , basically ensure the safe and stable operation of the power supply system , significantly reduce the accidents in power production equipment and general power grid , and raise the level
however , he pointed out that with the changes in the situation in power supply and demand and the successive input of new power generating units , the production of power safety will face new challenges .
these challenges include regional dithermal power shortage , and power supply and demand in some regions remain tight , and the favorable mechanism for electricity prices has not yet taken shape , resulting in relatively big problems in electricity supply , while the problem of the decline in coal quality has not been effectively controlled , and will have a serious impact on the steady operation of power generating units , and the weak structure , outdated equipment , and hidden dangers of power networks and power networks have not yet been reversed .
shi yubo said : with the deepening of the reform of the power system , many deep - seated contradictions will be continually exposed , how to maintain the stability of the worker ranks and ensure normal production order will become new problems .
in view of 2006 electricity safety work , shi yubo said that it is necessary to further strengthen the basic work of the management of power safety , speed up the establishment and perfection of emergency management mechanism for electric power safety , enhance the ability to deal with emergencies , strengthen coordination and cooperation in power grid network , jointly safeguard the safety of the power system , continue to do a good job in supervising and managing the safety of the dam and informationization , ensure the safety of the dam , strengthen
it is understood that in light of the new situation in the management of power safety , the china electrical regulatory commission will revise and perfect the " interim regulations on the investigation of power production accidents " promulgated this year . meanwhile , supporting documents concerning the safety of the dam and the safety of the second system of the power plants ' power plants , will be issued to them this year .
in 2005 , china 's total power consumption reached 24689 billion kilowatts , an increase of 13.455 percent over the same period last year .
in the face of the tight supply and demand situation in power supply , the contradiction between coal , electricity , and oil transportation , and other unfavorable situations , all power enterprises have taken effective measures to strengthen equipment management . last year , no major equipment accident occurred in the whole country 's power generation .
there were 74 power grid accidents , 127 fewer than the same period last year , and 427 equipment accidents were recorded , down 132 compared with the same period last year .
south african envoy to china said that there is no such thing as a group of fires against chinese citizens
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the south african embassy in china has been paying a state visit to china on the 13th , minister of foreign affairs minister ban kang - ning said in an exclusive interview with xinhua on the 13th that there is no such thing as an organized crime against chinese citizens in south africa .
he also said that the south african government will do its best to crack down on all forms of crime .
the south african government hopes to reduce the crime rate to zero , and hopes to see a foreign - funded company in south africa secure their lives and property , said vanin .
since 2006 , four chinese citizens have been killed in south africa one after another , and the chinese world has expressed extensive concern about this .
the chinese foreign ministry has made representations to the south african side in this regard and reminded chinese nationals residing in south africa to further enhance their sense of security and prevention , and chinese nationals residing in south africa to strengthen unity and friendship and cooperate with the police in cracking down on criminal activities .
i would like to express our sincere sympathy and condolences to the families of the victims .
fu kangning said : we are sorry over this and the chinese people also believe that the south african government is now earnestly investigating every case involving china .
according to the chinese embassy in south africa , the south african police have successfully solved the murder of chen jianqing , a fujian woman in south africa on 5 february , and a suspect has been arrested .
the police are now hunting for another suspect .
the south african embassy in china also disclosed that south african police arrested the criminal suspected of shooting and killing hong kong businessmen in january this year and the victims ' money and property have been recovered .
on the impact of the possible killing of chinese citizens , fu kangning maintained that these incidents indeed will have a negative impact on the trade friction between the two countries and the exchanges in other areas , but from a long - term perspective , the impact should not be great enough .
according to the south african embassy tourism commissioner , the embassy has provided consular service to more than 2,000 chinese people in south africa on the first 15 days of this year alone .
according to chinese official statistics , south africa will continue to maintain china 's position as the largest trading partner in africa in 2005 .
the bilateral trade volume reached $ 7.27 - billion , up 23.0 percent over the same period last year .
however , people in the tourism circles believe that the continuous killing of chinese citizens in 2004 has had a clear impact on the number of chinese tourists traveling to south africa .
according to statistics from the south african tourism administration , in the first half of 2005 , chinese tourists to south africa were 20,331 , a decrease of 14.9 percent over the same period last year .
at present , there are about 200,000 chinese living in south africa , covering the cities and towns of south africa .
analysts here believe that the gap between rich and poor in south africa , the unemployment rate , and the flood of guns , and the death penalty is not deterred , so the crime rate is high .
because many chinese do not understand english , they and their homes have cash , and they are easier to become the targets of criminal elements ' pursuit of financial attacks .
hk promotes english learning and training in the workplace
hong kong , february 13 ( xinhua ) the hong kong special administrative region government launched a new program on the 13th to raise the english standard of more employees .
this book , " the great life of life " , with good learning style and good life as the theme , includes promoting learning and training in english through a series of promotional activities and enabling employers to better understand how to help employees to upgrade their english standard .
up to now , the scheme has provided nearly 25,000 people with funding for workplace english training so that they can achieve the relevant job - related benchmarks .
hong kong 's " english " campaign is launched by the government of the special administrative region in 2000 .
the key project of the workplace english campaign is the funding scheme for workplace english training .
the scheme aims to help employees who need to use english in their work to obtain a standard of work by participating in training and taking part in designated international english examinations .
the tests on aids in hebei have been free , voluntary and confidentiality .
shijiazhuang , february 14 ( xinhua ) the provincial health department of hebei recently formulated and distributed the " hebei province 's plan for the implementation of voluntary consultation and testing of aids " ( for trial ) , clearly setting the principle of free and voluntary protection for aids testing and testing , and hoping to discover aids patients and patients to the maximum limit , further implementing preventive intervention measures and the policy of reducing aids , and reducing the number of deaths .
the " plan " clearly defines the principles for hebei province 's voluntary consultation and testing of aids : free access to aids antibody testing and consultation , voluntary and informed consent to aids antibody tests and consultation , and the prevention and control of aids antibody antibody tests and consultation , and the protection of relevant acts of the consulting parties ;
the " plan " calls for the aids consultation and test points to be set at places where the consulting parties are convenient , and for the protection of the consular 's privacy , there should be a single room to conduct one - to - one consultation .
the choice of the counselor of the union should give full consideration to factors such as personal quality , sense of responsibility , and ability to communicate .
to protect the privacy of the consulting person , the inspection and test leaflets can be registered with the code or number .
the " plan " also requires health administrative departments at and above the county level to release information on medical and health organizations and consulting telephone numbers for voluntary and free testing of aids in the local major media so as to facilitate the masses to understand relevant information .
the ministry of public security still has the focus of its work on extorting confessions by torture
beijing , february 14 ( xinhua ) the ministry of public security 's police supervision bureau deputy chief zheng baigang said here today that the so - called " unsuitable method " to allow criminal suspects to plead guilty is absolutely not permitted in china .
the focus of the work of the supervisory departments is also to prevent these problems from happening .
he also pointed out that some international organizations do not have a correct understanding of the law enforcement situation of the chinese police .
the latest information provided by the ministry of public security on 14 june shows that the ministry of public security has issued the " public security organs ' regulations on setting up measures for keeping left behind in public security organs " in 2004 , and the " regulations on continuing interrogations applicable to public security organs " have ensured that the public security organs at the grass - roots level are suitable for the measures for interrogation in accordance with the law .
since 1997 , in order to further promote the three projects of harnessing the " three evil things " ( namely , the method of confusing guns , extorting guns and using compulsory measures ) , inspectors of the public security organs throughout the country have persisted in going deep into the frontline of law enforcement units of the policemen and patrol police unit , the traffic police brigade , and the public security supervision and management sites , and other frontline law enforcement units .
to prevent the occurrence of law enforcement problems from the source , the police supervision departments have further extended the touching point of law enforcement inspectors , increased the number of requests for emergency calls , called " 110 " insignia " , and placed on file for investigation and handling reports on cases of crimes involving ji ji , ji punisher , and robbers and motor vehicles .
prc 's sun yun - hsuan dies of illness in taipei
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the taiwan straits exchange foundation ( sef ) has been established by the taiwan straits exchange foundation ( sef ) , which has been honorary chairman of the taiwan straits exchange foundation , and has been sick in taipei on the early morning of the 15th due to the simultaneous spreading of acute heart failure and blood shock .
sun yun - hsuan was born on 11 november 1913 in shandong 's penglai and graduated from the electrical department of harbin industrial university .
he is a member of the 10th to the 13 th cpc central committee , a member of the standing committee of the 12 th cpc central committee , and a member of the presidium of the 14th central committee of the central committee for appraisal and approval , and a member of the 15 th central committee for appraisal .
he has been the leader of the taiwan authorities , including hezboli , minister of transportation , and minister of economic affairs , and others .
heilongjiang to promote the project of assessing the impact of water pollution and ecological environment on songhua river
harbin , february 16 ( xinhua ) the water level of the songhua river has been reduced to a record high in the past two years , with a view to successfully carrying out the work of monitoring and controlling pollution and pollution during the dry period of the songhua river and the melting of the ice into the river .
the reporter learned from the heilongjiang environmental protection bureau that the songhua river , which is led by the state environmental protection administration , has identified 15 special topics , including the emergency environmental assessment and countermeasures , which are divided into emergency environmental evaluation and countermeasures , the evaluation of environmental effects and the comprehensive evaluation of pollution control projects , which are related to human health , and the comprehensive evaluation of pollution control projects , which are integrated into five stages , and the specific time is set for three stages .
currently , there are over 60 scientific research institutes in heilongjiang province , with a total of over 60 people undertaking the technical research work of 14 subjects .
it is reported that the environmental protection department and relevant scientific research organizations will focus on five topics , namely , emergency environmental evaluation and countermeasures research , in an effort to solve environmental problems that the masses are eager to care about .
these included the following : the concentration of diameter - type pollutants and the total discharge volume projection of pollution from the outside world will have a safety impact on the consumption of water products in songhua river .
the environmental protection department of heilongjiang province will also intensify environmental supervision along the songhua river , and seriously investigate and deal with environmental pollution cases that violate the law and waste discharge and illegally construct projects .
heilongjiang will dispatch environmental law enforcement personnel to guide various localities in comprehensively improving the environment in the small valley , improving the environment for the hezi river , such as the kangxi river and tongxi river , and so on .
beijing university opens memorial hall to mourn wang xuan
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a special memorial hall at beijing university after a few days of intense arrangements , said wang xuan , a academician at the beijing university 's memorial hall on the centennial anniversary of the founding of the chinese academy of sciences . as of noon on the 15th , several hundred people have come to mourn .
at 0800 hours , the hall was open to the public , and several dozen people were waiting outside the gate .
at the memorial hall in the memorial hall at the beijing university , this reporter saw that the black streamer hanging on the wall of the hall was hanging in a dark banner : mourning fellows over his grief to mourn academician wang xuan .
the lower part of the horizontal scroll is a portrait of wang xuan , who is more than 10 square meters . he wore a glasses , reveals a smile , and has a strong air and moral integrity .
several dragon pellets were placed on both sides of the remains , and several score wreaths were divided into two sides .
one of the oranges of the wreath wrote like this : the song dynasty began with the song dynasty , which laid the foundation of tang shaohua , sent the messages , and the current lead and ushered in the blueprint .
the mourning hall was graceful and the atmosphere was heavy .
among the crowd of condolences , there were beijing university leaders and teachers , friends with academician wang xuan , and many people who were not familiar with him were also eager to come .
some of them held flowers in their hands , some carried a flower basket , and each of them was carrying a small white flower in front of their chest , slowly walking to the remains of academician wang xuan - xuan , and bent themselves in sad .
many people could not help but shed tears .
zhang wenbin , who was the director of the state administration of cultural relics , was an old alumnus at the university . he told the reporters that he was still working in henan more than 10 years ago . he asked professor wang to give a report on scientific and technological innovation to the provincial party committee 's cadres .
the famous scholar wang xuan 's studies are all models we learn , and he has made important contributions to the country and society and the people will never forget him .
professor jin ruilin of the beijing university law school and his old friend , wang xuan , who has been a forty - some year old neighbor , have been a little old friend .
he was just discharged a few days ago , and today he insisted on farewell to old friends .
when mr. jin left the message on the book , he could not suppress his grief and could not stop his tears and had to leave his tears on many occasions .
he told the reporters that professor wang chin 's life was very frugal , and he was already professor at the tong fu garden , but he was still very small in a flat room .
later he moved to the zetac garden , and lived in a place of 70 to 80 square meters .
the beijing university gave him more than 140 square meters of big house , which is located in the blue camp , he did not want , and the high - level housing provided by fangcheng building was not necessary .
mr. jin recalled with deep affection that wang xuan provided a very high treatment abroad during his visit , but he resolutely declined all of his treatment .
when he first started , he insisted that he would not apply for an academician , but after many mobilization by mr. zhou peiyuan , he went to fill the list .
mr. jin was deeply moved by the attitude of wang xuan toward cultivating young people , and he himself stressed many times that i still have some achievements , not to see myself , but to cultivate young people .
mr. jin said that when he was 50 years old , wang xuan began to pay attention to cultivating young people . he always stressed that we must do our best to pave the way and give them a way .
this is a very uneasy approach to a very successful scientist .
this reporter has learned from the press center of the beijing university that from 0900 on 15 february to 1200 on 19 february , every day , academician wang xuan 's memorial hall was open to the public from 0900 to 1600 hours daily , and it was also open to the public for condolences .
the cppcc national committee vice chairman li xiaoxi , who is known as the contemporary superb , is honored as the vice chairman of the cppcc national committee , professor wang xuan of the third world science academy , who died of illness at the age of 70 , died of illness at beijing 's tonghe hospital at 11:33 on 13 february .
china , chile sign cooperation mechanism
wu bangguo attended the signing ceremony and signed the agreement .
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) wu bangguo , chairman of the standing committee of the national people 's congress ( npc ) , attended the signing ceremony of the agreement on the establishment of political dialogue between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament at the great hall of the people on the afternoon of the 15th . he signed the agreement .
the exchange mechanism between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament has been officially established .
it is reported that chilean parliament senate president roman miroslaw and house speaker arsenal , arsenal , have signed the agreement a few days ago in the chilean capital of santiago .
according to the agreement , the two sides will establish a sino - chilean political dialogue relationship in accordance with the principles laid down in the sino - chilean joint communique on the establishment of diplomatic relations , the two sides will set up a dialogue committee , and will hold regular meetings in the two countries in a rotating manner to jointly promote the comprehensive development of bilateral relations .
chilean ambassador to china karachi and others attended the signing ceremony .
china to introduce regulations on information network dissemination rights
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) many websites rely on large numbers of newspapers , magazines and other news reports to increase their clashes , but many of them have not been authorized and have not paid any money to buy shares . the state copyright bureau director wang zigqiang said at a news conference held by the information office of the state council on the 15th that the payment of internet - related copies of works will be dissolved .
wang zigang said : according to the current laws , as long as the author does not make any statement that can not be used by a newspaper , the newspaper can not use the same statement without the consent of the author . at the same time , it is necessary to pay the reward . the state copyright bureau has specially set the standard for reprinting newspaper and periodical publications in accordance with the law .
however , according to the current law , the newspaper enjoys the right to publish such a statutory license , and the internet does not enjoy such a legal license right now .
according to relevant judicial explanations made by the supreme people 's court , the use of the license for newspaper and periodical reprints can be applicable to the internet , that is , the small article published on the internet , which is published on the internet , and that the author has not made any short - term statement that is not allowed to use the internet , and at the same time it has to pay for the expenses .
however , since judicial interpretation does not require the remuneration standard , there is no pay for the use of these works in the internet .
the " hong kong " ( " hong kong " ) internet users have a lot of information about the use of these short - range works , which are already published on the internet .
wang zigang said : is it not included in the scope of legal decision , and will be confirmed as soon as this year 's regulations on protecting the right to spread the information network are promulgated .
russian military says georgian parliament resolution not to affect russian peacekeeping operations
moscow , february 15 ( xinhua ) russian defense ministry news official sergei selezov said on the 15th that the georgian parliament 's resolution on the russian peacekeeping forces will not affect russian soldiers ' peacekeeping operations in the near future , and the russian military will continue to carry out peacekeeping missions in the south ossetia region .
the president of the council of the commonwealth of independent states ( cis ) , kono , said in a statement on the day of the parliament 's resolution on the russian peacekeeping forces , that this resolution by georgia will undermine the stability of the situation in the region and will have an unfavorable impact on russia 's relations .
he stressed that the georgian parliament 's resolution has made relations between russia and georgia move toward a deteriorating direction .
he said that the accusations against russia made by guru are absurd .
the georgian parliament passed a resolution on the same day , asking the russian peacekeeping forces to stop their peacekeeping operations in the south ossetia , but it did not determine the specific time limit for the withdrawal of russian peacekeeping forces .
the georgian parliament accused russian peacekeeping personnel of failing to fulfill their obligations prescribed by the regulations and regarding the actions taken by russia in the areas of conflict as a fantasy trying to swallow and georgia 's territory .
the georgian parliament has asked the government to take active actions to consider sending troops to the region where the conflict is in the southern ossetia to replace the current peacekeeping operations in the region .
the georgian parliament also instructed the government to revise and decide on relevant agreements on the deployment of russian peacekeeping personnel to the region .
the south ossetia is a georgia autonomous prefecture , bordering the north of the russian state of the ossetia .
after the disintegration of the former soviet union , it announced its independence on its own and had long been in a state of confrontation with the georgian government .
at present , russia has a peacekeeping camp of 500 people in the region .
the unit was formed in accordance with the military base of the russian military , which was signed in 1992 , in the four sides of georgia 's xiulan province , the north , and the west sisuya , west siziya .
four people responsible for the fire at liaoyuan hospital will be prosecuted for suspected major responsibility
changchun , february 16 ( xinhua ) the central hospital of liaoyuan city , jilin province , after the extraordinarily serious fire broke out , the accident investigation group decided to hold 11 responsible persons , including zhang diankun , head of the hospital electric work squad , and four others , who were suspected of having committed major accidents .
on 15 december 2005 , the largest hospital in liaoxi city of liaoxi city was hit by a fire , which eventually killed 39 people .
in this fire , the area of fire has exceeded 5,000 square meters .
it is understood that this is the most serious incident in the nation 's medical and health system since the founding of new china .
according to the investigation , at about 1630 on the same day , the liaoyuan city 's central hospital suddenly stopped electricity . according to the hospital 's circuits design , if the power line gate is suspended and the electric box is changed , it will automatically jump to the deputy gate and continue to maintain normal power supply at the hospital . however , the electric gate gate did not automatically jump the gate at that time , and the head of the electrical work squad zhang diankun
the underground cable lines , over 10 cable lines , and over 10 electric cable cables were wrapped in a state of chaos , and such cable cable cable should be put up in full and put up in a fire .
therefore , the 57 - year - old zhao yongchun , head of the electrical installation team of liaoyuan textile company , and sun fenglin , senior engineer of the power industry bureau , returned to work for three people , jin chengtai , who was suspected of having committed major accidents , after retiring from the plant 's central hospital .
china 's guizhou tour to be held in tin lung 's castle
xinhua news agency , guiyang , february 16 ( reporter shi xinrong ) - on the morning of 16 february , the big children of tianlong village , tianlong town , tianlong town , ping dam county , guizhou province wore festive clothes one after another and smiled with joy .
at 10 : 30 a. m . after the five - valley prayer event ended , the 80 - year - old siew old man zheng peqin , who was in a green shirt , sounded the first beating of his first tour of guizhou , a village in china 's countryside .
tin lung 's castle village is a typical representative of guizhou 's rural tourism development and a national village tourism demonstration site .
as the descendant of the ming dynasty 's hongwu military year , the people of qunyi village have been living in the army for more than 600 years .
here , we can see from everywhere that the person wearing the big - minded and wide - sleeved blue - cheered cheongsam , the ancient han culture and the ornamental ornaments are well preserved in the village of tun bao .
it is understood that the tianlong village has relied on this cultural and traditional advantage to develop rural cultural tourism since 2002 , and the ticket income for the year 2005 alone will reach 3.8 - million yuan . over 47.0 percent of the households in the village will take part in tourism through eating and drinking water transportation , and other such products will be sold . the average per capita income of peasants will increase from more than 130 - million yuan in 2002 to 240 yuan in 2005 .
yang shengming , director of the guizhou provincial tourism administration , said that following the first tour of tianlong 's castle , the new tourism tourism in the new countryside , the new tourism , and the new wind are the main themes , and various rural tourism activities launched in various parts of guizhou will reach 35 this year .
so far , more than 130 villages and villages in guizhou have launched various rural tourism projects . by 2005 , more than 600,000 peasant households in the province have extricated themselves from poverty through development .
in january , housing prices in 70 cities in the country increased by 5.55 percent , while housing prices in shanghai continued to decline .
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the number of housing sales in 70 large and medium - sized cities in china increased by 5.55 percent in january , a 0.7 percentage point lower than last month .
shanghai housing prices continued to decline .
the national development and reform commission 's diameter statistics released on 16 june showed that in most of the 70 large and medium - sized cities , the prices of housing sales increased slightly in january this year , with the average price of housing sales rising in january , and the hehehehehehehao and haoxin increased more than 10 percent in dalian , while the sales prices of shanghai 's houses continued to decline slightly , down 0.44 percent compared with the same period last year .
statistics from the same caliber show that in the first quarter of last year , shanghai 's housing sales prices rose 19.1 percent over the same period last year , and afterwards there was a change , with a slight decline in the second half of last year .
in january , the sale prices of newly built housing in 70 large and medium - sized cities increased 6.9 percent over the same period last year , a 0.2 percentage point lower than that of last month .
the number of newly built housing housing cities , which are relatively higher than the same period of time , includes dalian 's 18.991 percent high - quality housing , xichang 7476.7 percent of shenzhen 's shizxi , 90.747 percent ; chengdu 's jiuxiang city 's 948.4 percent ; shanghai 's total output dropped 3.1 percent compared with the same period last year .
the cpc central committee organization department has called for further intensifying supervision over leading cadres and the work of selecting and appointing cadres
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the central organization department recently printed and distributed opinions on strengthening cadre supervision .
the opinions demand that organization departments at all levels proceed from strictly managing and caring for cadres , and carry out supervision over cadres in all links in the various links in the process of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres to regular management , establish and improve a supervisory work mechanism that strengthens prevention and promptly discover and rectify problems , and earnestly strengthen supervision over the selection and appointment of leading cadres and cadres .
the opinions pointed out : the main task of supervising cadres in organizational departments is to supervise leading bodies and leading cadres , with the focus on strengthening supervision over principal responsible persons of leading bodies , and second , supervision over the work of selecting and appointing party and government leading cadres , and focus on supervision and inspection of the implementation of the " regulations on the work of selecting and appointing party and government leading cadres . "
with regard to supervision over leading bodies and leading cadres , the opinions put forward that we should unremittingly grasp education in ideals and convictions and education in combating corruption and advocating honesty , and should guide and supervise the cultivation , selection , and supervision of leading cadres in strengthening party spirit , and persistently build an ideological and moral defense line for the public and for the people to govern for the people and build a strong ideological and moral defense line against corruption and degeneration .
when holding talks on the work of newly promoted cadres , it is necessary to set clear - cut requirements on honesty and self - discipline .
we should urge leading bodies at all levels to adhere to democratic centralism , establish and improve rules and procedures for making decisions on matters that are discussed and handled , and conscientiously implement the system of combining collective leadership with individual responsibility for division of labor .
we should focus on supervision , organization , and personnel affairs leading bodies and should frequently hold discussions with principal responsible officials of leading bodies at the next level , understand their thinking and practices of working hard , and so on .
we should establish and perfect the system of day - to - day management and supervision of leading cadres , regularly understand and analyze the ideological and work style of leading cadres , and put forward opinions and measures for solving problems .
we should implement a system of admonitory talks and letters and inquiries among leading cadres , and should promptly conduct admonitory talks or write - off when problems of symptoms are discovered .
the leading cadres who have been reported by the masses should meticulously investigate and understand the conspicuous problems reported by the masses , should criticize and educate those who have problems , or should be handled according to relevant organizations , should be turned over to discipline and law - breaking organs , and should be clarified in an appropriate way after investigations are not up to problems .
at the same time , we should combine strengthening supervision with encouraging cadres to boldly explore new ways and innovate , and pay attention to discovering and commending outstanding cadres .
the opinions require that organizations ( personnel ) departments at all levels effectively strengthen supervision over the work of selecting and appointing leading party and government cadres .
we should further improve the system of recommending cadres , examining cadres , and deliberating on decisions on their work , and other links , strictly ensure that they are selected and appointed , and make efforts to ensure that they are politically reliable and keep their work style of work , that they are trustworthy , and that they are capable of selecting and promoting cadres at all levels .
we should strengthen the inspection of the implementation of the regulations on the appointment of cadres , seriously investigate and deal with any behavior in violating the regulations on appointing cadres , and resolutely check unhealthy trends and corrupt phenomena in the use of cadres .
and implement a system of supervising and investigating serious violations of rules and regulations , and intensify supervision and handling of cases .
establish and perfect a system for investigating responsibility for the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres ; and scientifically define the responsibility and responsibility of each link in the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres in accordance with the principle of combining power and responsibility , define the responsibility of principal leaders in each link of the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres in a scientific way , define the method of investigation , and intensify the investigation .
we should give full play to the role of mass supervision and establish and improve a mechanism for reporting cases that are convenient and safe and highly efficient .
give play to the role of public opinion supervision , report to the media on the situation related to the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres in a timely manner , and accept public opinion supervision .
the opinions pointed out that it is necessary to further improve the mechanism of coordinating and coordinating cadre supervision .
organization ( personnel ) departments should strengthen coordination with discipline inspection organs and establish a system of systems of communication with discipline inspection organs in the work of handling the party 's work style and building a clean and honest government in the areas of cadres , so as to strengthen the joint force of supervision .
and work with discipline inspection organs to do a good job in inspection work , improve inspection methods , perfect inspection systems , and improve the quality of inspection .
together with the auditing organs , the auditing system for leading cadres ' economic responsibility has been seriously implemented .
we should improve the internal supervisory mechanism for selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres in organizational departments .
taiwan authorities use illegal investment in mainland china as a pretext for imposing heavy penalties on mainland enterprises
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the taiwan authorities ' economic affairs department decided on the 15th to punish one of taiwan 's lianhua electronics company , one of taiwan 's chijing shang 's two xiong 's top - one , liuhuahua electronics company , ltd. ( taiwan ) , which is nt $ 5 million , because of the reason that the company has provided assistance in setting up an export - related technology company on the mainland .
taiwan 's " china times " reported that this is chen shui - bian 's displaying a positive administration and an effective cross - strait economic and trade policy . after he proposed that the taiwan authorities mete out punishment to taiwan businessmen for investing in the mainland .
according to reports , the taiwan authorities ' hedge group said that the joint power grid was fined because it violated the regulations on cross - strait people relations , and the rules on granting investment or technological cooperation in the mainland .
in the future , the group will still examine the situation and make a fine to former chairman of the united microelectronics corp . cao xingcheng and others according to the situation .
the lists of power generation cases began in february 2005 . at that time , taiwan 's prosecuting department used hundreds of people to launch a surprise check on the houses and offices of several high - level officials , claiming that the united microelectronics was suspected of providing funds and human resources to the export of science and technology to the mainland for investment on the mainland .
then , tsao xingcheng , the chairman of the board of directors of the china unita , said openly that unauthorized tsu has not violated any regulations of the taiwan authorities . the united microelectronics corp . is to provide assistance to the lien - ho - kuo company in the long - term interest of the united microelectronics company . if it fails to enter the mainland market as soon as possible , it will lose business opportunities .
after that , the taiwan authorities ' financial supervision and management committee , heijie , used to violate the regulations on commercial information disclosure , imposed a fine of nt $ 3 million on the linked telecommunications sector .
on 9 january 2006 , the board of directors of the united microelectronics company accepted the resignation of cao xingcheng , and several hours later , cao xingcheng was formally prosecuted for suspected involvement in illegal investment in the mainland .
the joint power company and taiwan 's lotus circuit company ( called " likuang " ) also claimed that taiwan 's chizhihui rihui is a high - tech leading enterprise on the island .
the series of actions taken by the taiwan authorities to investigate and handle the united microelectronics over the past year have attracted great attention from all circles on the island .
second term of macao 's likud cup to chinese worldwide
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) the second time i was in my heart , the assembly of the macao likuang contest , which was held in beijing on the 17th , announced that it had collected macao 's essay works , which were originally my heart , for the whole world .
the tournament , which is jointly sponsored by the macao foundation and the baihua literature publishing house , " the foreign edition of the provering sea , " was jointly held . chen jiangong , vice chairman of the chinese writers association , and others was chairman of the committee .
in 2004 , on the fifth anniversary of macao 's return to the motherland , the first macao liuwen contest in my heart was held . domestic and foreign literary enthusiasts actively responded , and the organizing committee received more than 8,000 entries , and more than 10 award winners from both domestic and foreign countries were invited to the macao special administrative region to receive prizes .
wu zhiliang , executive member of the macao foundation , said at a news briefing on 17 july that last year , the guise of macao 's history and city districts was listed in the world 's cultural heritage list . this not only signifies that macao 's long - standing lifestyle and community management model have been affirmed by the people of the world , but also means that the chinese nation 's tradition of harmony and love is different in harmony and harmony and harmony , and that the traditional
wu zhiliang said : it is precisely under such a good cultural atmosphere that the macao foundation and the hundred flowers publishing house , " the foreign edition of the foreign edition , " decided to re - cooperate to hold the second time macao folk song contest in my heart . it is hoped that participants will display their patriotic sentiments and affection for macao and macao , and display their unique humanistic integrity and auspicious image as macao 's special zone and prosperous scenic spots .
according to the briefing , the draft of the competition , which will be launched on 1 september , will open a special column to select the entries .
the results of the selection will be announced at the beginning of 2007 .
shandong province successfully implements a heart transplant
xinhua news agency , jinan , february 17 ( zhang yuqing , shen qianqin ) the heart - to - heart disease research institute of the jinan military region recently successfully carried out a heart - to - heart transplant operation for baby children .
on 17 july , the reporter saw at the center of the intensive care that the baby , who had been in full bloom for 51 days after the operation , was full of face and all the monitoring and inspection indices were normal . after they passed the critical period , they were playing with the toys they bought by healthcare workers with great interest .
according to the medical doctor who was receiving the same day , the child from tai an village in shandong was sent to the hospital by her parents . she was young and purple . she was in difficulty in breathing . after checking , she diagnosed that there was a pregnant heart disease with cypriot .
the heart transplant surgery is the most difficult and most complicated operation in the heart surgery .
in particular , the heart transplant operation of baby children under one year old is still a blank in china .
the jinan military region 's cardiovascular disease research institute organized experts to repeatedly conduct feasibility studies , carefully design surgery and post - operation custody plans , independently innovate the method of conforming blood pipes , and carry out animal tests .
at 0800 hours on 28 december 2005 , the surgery officially began .
the heart was provided by a person who had suffered from a diagnosis due to his pregnant tumors .
the operation must conform to six blood pipes , sewing more than 510 needles , and each needle is not more than three mm .
after 295 minutes , the operation was a complete success .
state administration of safety supervision : curbing coal mine accidents , other major and serious accidents
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) four incidents of one traffic accident occurred in a row in beijing , which involved more than 100 people , and the grim situation in production safety in the whole country in the past year has led to the frequent curbing of coal mines and other major and extraordinarily serious accidents , and has become the top priority of the national security supervision work this year .
this reporter learned from the state administration of production safety on 17 july that in order to truly contain the frequent occurrence of extraordinarily serious accidents , such as coal mines , the coal mines are the most important .
this year , the state administration of safety supervision and management will do the following three things :
fragrance continues to fight a hard battle of resistance .
this year , the gas control project will be put in a prominent position , with the first to take the lead and then the next to the rest of the world .
if the koran mine did not carry out a pre - screening operation , it would be ordered to suspend production immediately according to law .
zuliang continues to fight a tough battle of rectifying and closing down .
we must make 5243 public announcements to the public , and the number of coal mines that have been closed down or killed recently reported in various localities .
we must regard closure as a regular task and continuously close down coal mines that damage resources and pollute the environment and do not meet the safety requirements .
zoxi tightens basic management of coal mine safety
we must immediately correct the tendency of curbing a small number of small mines that are in the state 's big mines to manage and manage and that are in chaos .
in particular , we must pay attention to key state - owned coal mines and absolutely not allow super - power supersonic production .
this year , the production safety control index required that the number of deaths of accidents in all kinds nationwide dropped by 3-3 percent over last year , and coal mines dropped by 3.55 percent .
a major accident that killed more than 10 people has dropped by 55.0 percent , with coal mines falling by 7percent .
these control indices have already been issued to provincial - level people 's governments , and various localities are now implementing their work in a step - by - step manner .
statistics show that in 2005 , 5986 miners died in the coal mine accident throughout the country , a decrease of 0.7 percent over the same period last year .
however , the accident that killed more than 10 people took place , and the number of victims increased 66.6 percent over the same period last year .
barroso calls for compromise in kosovo 's future status talks
belgrade , february 17 ( xinhua ) plungstner , chairman of the european commission , said here today that the european union ( eu ) will continue to play a constructive role in the future negotiations on kosovo 's status and to build a democratic and multi - ethnic integration .
barroso met with president of the interim authority serbia sergei seriedididididioumi and other representatives of serbian serbs , and said to the media that the parties concerned in kosovo should adopt a tolerant attitude to establish a democratic and multi - ethnic kosovo , and that kosovo , which respects the government 's ruling power and protects the rights and interests of ethnic minorities , is recognized by the international community .
he also stressed that the european commission will do its best to help kosovo develop .
barroso also expressed his appreciation for the current progress in kosovo in implementing the eight standards of the kosovo democratic process proposed by the united nations .
he said that the implementation of these standards is the key factor that affects the integration of kosovo and europe .
he also urged all serbs in kosovo to join organizations in kosovo to make efforts to achieve democracy and the integration of the ethnic groups .
barroso arrived in plisa , capital of kosovo , for a one - day visit .
earlier , barroso visited croatia and serbia and montenegro , and he will also visit macedonia 's lithuania and bosnia - herzegovina .
( winter olympic games stimulants ) news analysis : the killings incident may not be over - settled
xinhua news agency , duling , february 17 th , news analysis : the dispatch of litiga may not be approved
xinhua news agency , beijing , june 21 ,
although italy has repeatedly said that the exact use of stimulants in the winter olympic games of duling may be faced with the devil frost , but judging from various situations , such situations are not likely to happen in the first stimulant scandal of the current winter olympic games , the main player of the stimulant , the top player , the two sports champion in the winter sports , russia , and the two groups of the athlete , the champion of the winter sports
the winter winter olympic games in turin exposed the first doping scandal since its opening on 16 november . o. coua has been found to have used banned drugs .
the next day , the international olympic committee announced that the dispatch of litigers has been out of the winter olympic games , and the silver medal for the second winter season , two women 's 15 km individual tournament that she won at this winter olympic games has also been taken away .
the international winter season 's two alliance made a decision on the same day on imposing a two - year ban on the seca .
the international olympic committee has always stipulated that athletes are found to have used stimulants at the olympic games , and that they will be eliminated and their qualifications for the competition will be deprived , but they will not be subject to legal sanctions .
however , according to italian law , the carrying and use of stimulants by athletes is a criminal act , and the judiciary has the right to directly arrest and investigate athletes who use stimulants , and those who defy the law will face three months to three years of imprisonment .
last december , the international olympic committee and the italian government , after a year of hard bargaining and heat bargaining , finally reached an agreement after a one - year long bargaining bid . the two sides agreed to handle the incident of using stimulants by the athletes in accordance with the law during the current winter olympic games .
with the unremitting efforts of the international olympic committee , italy made a concession four days before the opening of the winter olympic games , promising that the police would not enter the olympic village to search for the athletes ' place , but the medicinal pesticides would still be investigated by italian procuratorial organs .
according to reports , the italian government supervises the pudong oso organization , peter campus , has already sent the dossier incident to the dublin procuratorate .
however , the ioc and peter campus have not yet confirmed this matter .
russian winter 2 team team team medical an demireov disclosed at noon on 17 july that the dispatch tua leuka had left turin and returned to china .
he has been a member of the chinese sports delegation who has been working in the world 's anti - doping agencies for many years . he said that once the leuka is sent back to china , this matter may eventually be unfinished .
shi kang said the ioc and the italian government have always exchanged views on the anti - stimulant problem of the winter olympics , and even if italian procuratorial agencies really intervene in this matter , it is hard to say .
according to the previous penalty of the stimulant incident against italian athletes , the most serious punishment imposed by the banned is just the two years of imprisonment and the buffer period .
therefore , senior italian correspondent pierre said that the possibility of sending a leuka to prison is so abrupt , and the top one is fine .
pierre also said that although the italian court could be tried in a absent , it is impossible for the italian police to go abroad to take the same sentence .
if the japanese side refuses to accept the verdict , the italian side will not take her .
china : new bird flu epidemic continues to emerge in world
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the bird flu virus has spread further in the african continent , according to a xinhua news agency report .
the world health organization confirmed on the 17th that three egyptian areas have discovered bird flu virus deaths .
in europe , france also discovered the five - type bird flu virus for the first time , and europe 's sunnis were highly vigilant , and the epidemic prevention measures were strengthened .
the world health organization 's adviser to the mediterranean region , hassan , told the press in egypt on the 17th that the three areas of cairo in central egypt and the southern minga region of the country have already discovered bird flu infected 56.1 - type bird flu virus , and the relevant egyptian government departments have started to kill poultry suspected of being infected with bird flu .
the experts pointed out that egypt is an important channel for migratory birds in the middle east and north africa to move , and it is very likely that migratory birds will bring the bird flu virus into the country .
egypt has announced that it will ban the import of live poultry from abroad and strengthen the quarantine work at border ports .
a family of chicken farms in the cameroon capital yaounde had killed more than 800 chickens in the past week .
cameroon has decided to suspend imports of all poultry and pork from nigeria , where the bird flu epidemic is occurring , and to suspend the trade of poultry and related products in all markets along the border between the two countries .
the cameroon government has also built a nationwide epidemic monitoring network within a short time , with the bastard center and the national veterinary laboratory in the country in an emergency state , so as to start laboratory testing on the 561 virus at any time .
in europe , denmark and sweden initially ruled out the epidemic on 17 july .
the veterinary research institute of sweden issued a test report on the dead swans found this wednesday , indicating that swedish swan has no bird flu virus .
the preliminary results of the danish state veterinary administration also showed that 30 dead swans were not infected with the bird flu virus in denmark recently .
however , the agricultural sector said denmark should not take a lightly .
romania has already had nine bird flu - affected areas since the beginning of this year , who experts said in bucharest on the 17th that bird flu has occurred almost everywhere in the danube delta region , and that it must be taken seriously , and romania may be threatened by bird flu in the next three or five years .
in bangladesh , asia , the government has taken all necessary measures to prevent bird flu .
the government livestock service bureau provided the relevant officials with books on bird flu prevention and also organized the poultry rearing personnel to train .
( newspaper selected ) china 's first blood information management system to be built in zhejiang
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the first chinese blood information management and control network system has been officially established and put into operation at the center , according to the zhejiang provincial blood center .
a relevant person in charge of the zhejiang blood center said that this means that any citizen will be required to take part in the blood donation of blood from any county ( city ) in zhejiang province in future , and that there will be a single unparalleled standard record . when he is making his second blood donation , so long as he input relevant conscripts , individual 's blood record , his blood contribution records , his last blood record , and his last blood donation time , he
the responsible person further explained that if the system shows that it is not insolvent after the interval between the blood donor and the person who has not yet reached the relevant code , it will be telling that it does not meet the conditions of the blood donation this time .
this will not only protect the health of the blood donors themselves , but also effectively protect the health and safety of the blood users .
in addition , when the blood supply is tense , the blood donor and his family have priority in using blood . as long as you import the valid documents of the blood donor , you can immediately show the information of the blood donor , which is quite convenient .
according to a report in hangzhou " today morning news , " the information system has been put into use in all 36 blood donor organizations in the province , and the blood resources of all blood donor and supplying organizations in the province can also be seen in real time , thus realizing the sharing of data in the whole province .
to prevent the recurrence of the mountain landslide , 11 villages in the philippines evacuated
manila , february 18 ( xinhua ) the philippine government has decided to ban the use of land in 11 villages in the eastern philippines to prevent a recurrence of similar landslides in the country 's eastern region , a philippine official said on saturday .
the official said that the government would continue to support the villagers in the mountainous areas of the village , which had a landslide on the 17th .
residents of 11 villages evacuated will be placed in seven withdrawal centers .
the government ordered the evacuation of residents yesterday and sent people to inspect these villages today because some people do not want to leave their homes .
the landslide incident occurred on 17 april in a landslide in san bean town in the south of the country 's saint - sodium . from the television screen , the soil and the stone have buried the entire village , and only several roofs can be seen .
because the soil is very thick and humid and very humid , the hope that people who are buried in the following places can survive is very slim .
the police said that the rescue efforts have been made to help the victims in the disaster .
it is estimated that the death toll caused by the accident may be as high as 1,800 .
( overseas chinese , overseas chinese , ethnic chinese ) export of southern fujian 's quanzhou to south china increased 35.22 percent in first month of this year
xinhua news agency , fuzhou , february 19 ( guo yu ) in january this year , foreign trade export in quanzhou city continued to maintain a high - speed growth .
according to customs statistics , in january , quanzhou 's exports reached 330 - million us dollars , the best record in history , up 35.2 percent from the same period last year , higher than the average growth level of the province .
according to analysis by the quanzhou city foreign economic and trade bureau , the reason why quanzhou 's foreign trade can grow rapidly in january is mainly due to the fact that , with the role of many measures for supporting foreign trade and services in quanzhou , enterprises ' export enthusiasm is running high , quanzhou 's economic operations are active , enterprises ' confidence in operation is strengthened , and the highly efficient and unimpeded foreign trade development environment .
