white house urges nuclear inspectors to monitor north korea 's closure of nuclear reactors
the white house today called for the early dispatch of nuclear inspectors to oversee the closure of north korea 's nuclear reactor , while us president bush and south korean president raul riklestil talked over the phone .
white house national security council spokesman straw said that the two leaders talked about the us - south korean military alliance in north korea 's nuclear cooperation .
the strong pointed out that the two presidents also expressed their satisfaction with the agreement signed yesterday by the united states and south korea on free trade , and will make efforts to ensure that the two countries ' congress ratifies the agreement .
experts believe that pyongyang has made great progress in plutonium , which produced over the past 20 years .
the six - party talks ' special envoy ' hill said after pyongyang last week that he expected the yongbyon nuclear reactor to be closed in mid - july .
the rains in western india killed 43 people
india 's western weekend was hit by a rainstorm , which severely submerged in some areas . the western city of tahsi shes its way back home and abroad .
rescue officials said today that the main cause of the attack was still 43 people .
the number of people who have lost their lives in six to september each year has often led to the loss of the flood of the country with a population of 1 billion , and even caused casualties .
the haze and rain this time left half of the victims drowned by floods , and others died because of shine or coughing , shedding shine .
the indian financial center also met with resistance .
in 29 villages alone , two days after the weird , the binding force of 43 centimeters .
prc official : no one to kill us , but do not know what to do .
officials from the city government called on citizens to stop in front of a rainy rainy season , and do not go out to safeguard their own safety .
the rain was slightly apart yesterday , most of the areas were still flooded today .
india 's floods hit 500
according to the reports of officials and media , there are two major causes of death in india this year due to haynes .
jasuya quoted the government head and reconstruction chief as saying that the government had decided to rebuild the company in the past week , but there were no casualties and economic loss in various parts of india , which was only the largest city of india , " said kadan , adding that the number of deaths has reached 300,000 .
the report said that kadan was a part of an inspection tour , making the above statement to reporters .
he said : at the same time , india 's largest cotton producing area , the barcelona province , is vast in territory , with 27 cities and towns clankle , suffering serious water problems , and more than 10,000 disaster victims were safely restrained .
india has been providing all - round assistance to the north and has entered into binkou one week ago . people in various provinces hold a dry drought with a long draught of willow , but have not expected the rains to be ferocious and violent . the highway has changed , and the houses in low - lying areas have not been fully drilled . traffic statistics for nearly 500 people have been unfortunately due to their misfortune .
" the wimbledon tennis player jovic 's discarded game nadal entered the final .
the red earth museum in spain , the king nachi , today held the men 's 100th match in wenbugun , fought shion qiqiakovic , fought against georgiykovic again because he could no longer fight , and nanyu entered the final , which would be the world 's king of switzerland , mr wendy , who had won the french title of champion lyron .
the two countries have a strong interest in the 16 th national congress and the 8 th national games .
fourth seed , georgovic 's retreat , which was originally 3 - 6 , 6 - 1 , one - lead second seed nye won victory .
apart from the opening ceremony , narry , in addition to being too slow in the first few days , was still in a difficult condition after being exposed , two battle situations in san ju were in the lead .
satellites : iran 's tunnels feared to protect nuclear facilities
the us think tank , the institute for science and international security , reported today that commercial satellite + arrays show that iran is currently building a tunnel near nagar uranium enrichment facility , probably to protect nuclear equipment when an air strike is encountered .
these feats were created by american heresy ( chrysanthemum ) company in binding on june 11 and published in science and international security research institute .
the research institute is located in washington , where it provides non - profit research organizations .
the implication showed that in the area south of the tanzania facility , only several kilometers south of the country was running along the mountain path construction , and the facility was a uranium enrichment factory .
analysts o ' neill and bruce south said in a report that the fluorescent tunnel in the fluorine tunnel was unclear but it seemed to be connected to a tunnel facility , and another road could also lead to echelon 's entrance .
they said : like a trench into a tunnel in the mountains , the tunnel facilities will be very effective in protecting the people .
un envoy holds nuclear talks with iran
the un international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) , in conjunction with iranian officials , held talks today to try to resolve the iran nuclear crisis .
but iranian president ahmadinejad has said further pressure on un sanctions is rising , and he still stubbornly resists it .
the prime minister , who is also a member of the un security council , said iran would not stop uranium enrichment operations , but welcomed the latest talks .
" we have installed a small number of small trenches that can slow down or speed up , but no one should expect that we will give up our rights , and we will not stop this trend , " he said .
he made the above remark when he arrived in havel .
hainoin 's visit is aimed at formulating a plan to solve the iranian nuclear problem .
the un failed to freeze uranium enrichment operations because of thin rice .
the news agency of iran reported that haixin and iran 's supreme national security council were in charge of international affairs , the ministry of foreign affairs , the ministry of foreign affairs , the ministry of foreign affairs , the ministry of foreign affairs , the ministry of information service of iran .
iran 's talks team members include the deputy chairman of the atomic energy organization , the ambassador to the iaea , santaniye .
the reason why palestinian prime minister fatah will form a new government in palestine
the palestinian authorities ' elegant prawn after the trial of the zah corridor , one month after it was implemented , temporarily withdrew from the palestinian government , but was responsible for the new cabinet .
the agriculture and social affairs minister hahhabi told afp that there was no change in the resignation of prime minister zyadh to president abbas and the chairman 's acceptance , and he also asked him to be responsible for routine affairs in the cabinet .
abbas ' shammer told afp that fattard 's resignation , while abbas ordered him to carry out his present duties until he started to meet with the new government .
the respected economic scholars , jakarta , have proposed a resignation , but only a procedural resignation , and will not shake his premier status .
france has been in the forefront of the palestinian emergency cabinet since 17 june , in charge of implementing the palestinian policy of sharon after besieging arafat , besieged with violence .
according to the basic law of the palestinian autonomous government , no parliamentary agreement has been signed , but the autonomous assembly is now paralyzed .
the government 's authorisation has expired today .
wto delegates to present new plan to break the deadlock in the doha round
the wto 's main negotiator today proposed that the united states cut its subsidies to agriculture by a big margin , and developing countries slashed tariffs on industrial products in order to break the deadlock in the doha round of trade talks .
the official said : the new model of the draft revision requires the united states to allow agricultural subsidies to grow from the current level of 100-200 - million us dollars , and the developing countries have reduced the import tariffs on industrial products to below .
these proposals are aimed at breaking the deadlock in the doha round of talks over the past six years and bringing about a compromise agreement reached by wto member .
wto secretary general si si si said that these suggestions were aimed at balancing the objective and developing the orientation agreement .
lamy said : the un member states do not completely satisfied with the contents of the proposal , but the problems that cause dissimilarities are less than issues that have reached consensus .
he called for the launching of intensive negotiations in the coming weeks .
the strong impact of production of yakusuni automobile works or the small grapple of yesusi ;
japan 's strong earthquake hit northwestern coast of california this week , causing shock , shock , and other car manufacturers said today that they will temporarily suspend domestic automobile production .
japan 's hatred hit raby 's 6.8 strong earthquake , car shell , car parts , and therefore was forced to suspend the operation of tokyo 's local factory , which affected the production of the company .
the world 's most popular car , the private car , a female spokesperson said that between tonight and 21 february , it will suspend domestic automobile production .
the spokesman for nikolai shimbun said that the japanese production in japan had been increasing at least three months from the day until the 23 rd , and would review the situation on the weekend .
he said : the two factories have two lines of cerebral , one of which will be affected , but the company may increase its rotation next month to make up for the backward production progress .
suzuki said that the three days starting tomorrow will be suspended in some production , producing agricultural products in shanji county , japan , starting tomorrow , will suspend the production of small cars and assess the situation on the 21st .
the main reason for this is that the united states will temporarily suspend some of the fluorescent food supplied by rice next week .
the earthquake caused at least 10 deaths , and the other wounded several hundred houses .
the plan to buy off lost steam indonesia cancels sales of environmental protection bags
today , the united states said that , as hong kong 's rush purchase had triggered a loss , indonesia had cancelled its environmental protection bags selling activities .
the number of people killed in the clash between flush and flush salt shops in the high - consumption zone of indonesia indicated that in view of the incident in hong kong , we cancelled environmental bag activities .
if the people are willing to work for a new taiwan dollar 400-( about nt $ 400-000-000-000-) , then there will be no clad value .
hong kong people gathered in the sales shop on the 6 th to prepare to buy a luxurious noviygraph from britain , nydiya , the design of the novel , i do n't have a fluorescent bag , but the shop 's refusal to meet the need , triggering a strange .
this model , with environmental protection as its pursuit , attempts to replace the sleeping bag , and it was unexpected that it became a popular index in london and new york , triggering the price of the tery on the auction website for auction .
the only indonesian man who has the right to sell his products , edu , said that it was uncertain whether to open a few days later .
the hostage crisis was eased , and south korea directly negotiated
afghanistan 's kidnaping of 23 south korean hostages and setting the deadline today for south korea to withdraw its troops from afghanistan , or else they will kill the hostages .
with time getting by one second , the situation has developed in a positive way . south korean officials today held talks with + besieging for the first time .
however , at the same time , however , ge said that another german hostage kidnapped was very weak and started to fall into the deep plague and became unable to realize it .
prc : article urges germany , south korea to withdraw troops from afghanistan , and demands that these hostages be exchanged for 33 guerrillas detained by the afghan government .
prc : article criticizes us ' military threat ' in unidentified location , editor - in - chief amadi said : through the elder brothers of tribes , we have directly contacted south korean representatives .
the two countries have maintained good relations , said abdullah , adding that the talks have yielded results .
prc : jfjb article criticizes taiwan 's new leader 's remarks on taiwan 's national defense policy the united states has decided to release the korean hostages in the evening of local time ( 1030 gmt ) .
there are two stretches of duration .
the dispute over the sea area is hard to reach a consensus the military talks between the two koreas have been dispersed without any cheering .
as a result of the division of maritime boundaries , the three - day high - level military talks between the two koreas broke out in discord today .
in the border city of panmunjon , the talks entered the final day 's agenda today . north korea 's chief representative kim jung - zol ( translation ) said that we have concluded that we no longer need these talks that have no more than results .
the face of the red was obviously unhappy .
he pointed out that the northern line was not legal .
the unique column of the ancient caves , which was situated in northern china , was followed by the korean war in 1953 . however , it became the focus of disputes between the two koreas . north korea even refused to admit it .
north korea said south korea 's defectors intruded into the waters , causing tensions , while south korea claimed that the accusation was groundless .
the waters in the area broke out in june 1999 , causing several score north korean crew members to shock .
the re - spread of similar clashes in june 2002 , with the unfortunate eyes of six south koreans .
us treasury secretary arrives in china for environmental protection and exchange rate
us secretary of treasury powell arrived in china yesterday for a visit , and the united states is making every effort to persuade china to further carry out the necessary economic reform and environmental protection work , especially the issue of the renminbi exchange rate , which has attracted much attention .
us diplomatic personnel said that powell first went to the northwest china 's qinghai province , a major province in northwest china .
china currently has the largest aral lake , carrying out a series of environmental protection plans .
the us president will visit beijing today to hold talks with chinese officials in charge of promoting the us - china strategic economic dialogue , which started last year .
the us - china strategic economic dialogue mainly discussed economic issues such as environmental protection , and the most important thing was the rmb exchange rate issue . us congressmen maintained that renminbi was overestimating .
the us - china trade deficit is fast facing internal pressure from the united states , and congressmen are preparing to take retaliatory action to resist their so - called china unfair trade policy .
the us senate finance committee passed last week a bill in an overwhelming way , demanding that the treasury admit money exchange rate is fundamental misjudgment of the country , thus providing a new door for economic sanctions that are hidden against beijing .
us congressmen said that the renminbi is undervalued , which has caused the price of goods sold to the united states to intensify the us - china trade imbalance . last year , the united states had already had a trade deficit of 2.5 billion us dollars in china .
moussi insisted that he had no idea about the future of the ancient hero before he was 60 .
from early shells , mousinieli will be in the future of spain , which is a topic of media blasts , but as in the past , the portuguese people again emphasized that he would definitely stay in western london this summer .
some newspapers listed 14 major causes , but the new handsome , but i will stay in xianzhi , shanqi , zukeliao , for flushing .
" the government will continue to support the efforts of the international community to help the portuguese team get out of the country , " said moitino , adding that he believed that the portuguese football association would have one day to recruit me as master marshal , lusaka .
however , the 44 - year - old musino does not intend to contribute to football in his life , and he said he would retire before 60 , and he does not want to be like bobby ruson and fleischer , doing well in the age of age .
i 've already made a promise to my wife , i will not be like norbert and frasen , and i have been teaching sticking to 70 years old bye .
" the united states , besieged at 60 years old , i wanted to completely cater to the philanthropy .
i have so many things that i can not do now , and i am going to do it .
i do n't want to become a football advisor or or director , such as baradei or sarji .
i do n't want to play such a role .
i do not want to become the chairman of a club , but i only want to thoroughly fluke the football .
( qi liang )
the fire broke out at the warehouse of wang bing , a private detachment in hongshang village , shanxi province .
chinanews , july 3 c in the wake of the concern of the public , in linfen city 's intermediate court held a first trial of the case of the wang bing , a female soldier from wangjie village , guangying town , shanxi , hongdong county .
many domestic media have been paying attention to the progress of the case .
because of the careful handling of the local departments concerned , some reporters were unable to attend on - the - spot interviews .
at present , however , pales are still in progress .
according to the linfen city intermediate court 's staff , if things go smoothly , it is estimated that the trial day will end .
however , can you pronounce the verdict ?
at about 9 : 00 in the morning , a reporter noticed that outside the main gate of the linfen city intermediate court , the passive and calm situation of the passersby was going to meet .
perhaps it will be a shock to the ongoing activities in the court .
when i was in bed , there was a result , and i believe that the law was just something else .
a person who has traveled here to cherish the national emblem for a moment , and speak in self - spoken words .
before this , hongdong county had news to confirm that the father of the accused wang bing , father of the defendant , tsao shengli village party branch secretary wang dongbao , has been dismissed from his post as a deputy to the county people 's congress in accordance with the law .
earlier , wang donghui was arrested in the battle of wangjun in the black caves of wang bing for suspected discipline violation . he was dismissed from the post of secretary of the village party branch and was expelled from the party .
the first group of people involved in the shanxi black brick - cutting case triggered by the warehouse case of wang bing 's armed forces has aroused concern both at home and abroad . the top central authorities have issued a directive demanding strict investigation .
the dprk and rok have reached a consensus on cooperation in the development of light industry and underground resources .
chinanews , july 8 .
the dprk and the rok held talks on 7 june on developing cooperation in the light industry and underground resources .
under the agreement , the rok will provide the dprk with a total of 40,000 tons of raw materials for the production of light industrial products such as clothing , etc.
according to a report by the japan sending - out association , south korea and north korea held a three - day meeting in kaesong on cooperation in the development of light industry and underground resources , and reached an agreement at the official level .
under the agreement , the rok will meet again at the gate of korea to provide clothing and soap raw materials , general affairs department of shidai , korea .
in this regard , the dprk will endeavor to remove the right of producing three domestic herds .
the rok government will hold a meeting on 25 july at the yan chin port in the western region to deliver the first batch of contract material to korea .
according to the plan , starting 28 july , the rok and the dprk will jointly conduct an investigation into the fluorescent condition in eastern korea .
the korean government started to + kick off its plan to provide rice to the dprk with 400,000 tons of rice .
the dprk expressed willingness to actively carry out the commitments of the six countries , including the closure of nuclear facilities , and after the agreement was reached , economic cooperation between the dprk and the rok has become more active again .
the lanzhou bureau of commodity prices has explained the price of the milk face to be restricted , but only because of the excessive increase in the price .
chinanews , lanzhou , july 10 ( huang jie )
this afternoon , the lanzhou city bureau of commodity prices invited relevant departments to conduct a forum on the matter of the price limit for the cow 's meat .
at the press conference , it was learned that the baorui bureau and other departments jointly issued a top price limit , mainly because the price of bull noodles rose too much , exceeding the endurance of the general residents .
it is reported that the price of the cow dovetail has risen 20 percent , and data shows that this is the highest price since the early 1980 's , the bull noodle face price in lanzhou has been rising for the first time .
" the government 's actions are to take into account the interests of ordinary residents in the region , and we have to pay the highest price for a cost survey , " said the director of lanzhou city bureau of commodity prices .
on 26 april , the lanzhou city bureau of baoping city , together with the other four departments , including the bureau of health of the bureau of administration of taxation , implemented the highest limit for the meat price , which aroused strong concern .
it is reported that the forum was aimed at extensively listening to the opinions of various circles and soliciting opinions and suggestions on specific management measures for taiwan in the next step . it was also disclosed that lanzhou will hold a news briefing tomorrow .
this will be the first time that lanzhou city has convened a meeting on the naked price increase incident .
prc : jfjb article on punishment of ' falungong ' activities in china
chinanews , july 11 . com . cn . com . cn . com . cn . com . cn . on july 9 , it was meted out administrative punishment for three months in bindian district development promotion association .
the punishment order shows that the existence of the following illegal acts of the china regional development association : one single polygraph , two chronicle use fees from non - member units .
according to investigations , among the households with household membership , the standard is 21,000 yuan a year . from june to february 2007 , binjie had carried out a cloud of sleeping among more than 20 units . except for one unit member , the other one collected fees from family members , except for the other one collected from the other family , from the other to the yuan , and the other half , each received from the family , and the other half million yuan , including some 80,000 yuan ,
prc article criticizes taiwan 's ' regulations on registration of social organizations ' article 33 , section 1 ( 8 ) , this society has made a deadline for its decision to stop activities within three months and closed the association 's secret documents and other related items according to law .
the rok government hopes to speed up the process of denuclearization of the peninsula through the six - party talks .
chinanews , july 12 - according to a report by the rok news agency , the rok government expressed its appreciation for the meeting of the heads of the delegation to the six - party talks to be held in beijing on the 18th .
the rok foreign affairs and trade ministry spokesman said in a commentary on 12 june that it hopes that at this meeting of heads of delegations of the six - party talks , the meeting will discuss measures for ending the initial stage as soon as possible , and implement the concrete and substantive plans for holding the six - party talks , thus accelerating the process of denuclearization on the korean peninsula .
the commentary also said : as a special envoy of the dprk nuclear issue , the chinese government will strive to achieve a peaceful and complete denuclearization of the korean peninsula in a rapid and satisfactory manner , and will cooperate closely with the relevant countries for this purpose .
officials disclosed that the beijing olympics is expected to be the largest ever in terms of the number of countries and regions participating in the olympic games .
chinanews , july 16 .
xinhua news agency reports that the beijing olympic organizing committee , international affairs department deputy director wang shilin , revealed on 14 june that the beijing olympic organizing committee will submit a report to the 205 members of the international olympic committee next month on the olympic committee 's invitation to participate in the olympics .
he said that if there is no accident , the beijing olympics will become the most important venue for the olympic games in history .
the report said : from 10 to 12 june , wang shilin , on behalf of the beijing olympic organizing committee , briefed the pan - american sports organization conference on preparations for the beijing olympics . among them , there were still some issues , including the construction of fluorescent communications arrangement for fluorescent [ name as transliterated ] .
wang shilin said : the pan - american sports organization 's member countries and regions are all very interested in taking part in the beijing olympics . all the 42 member countries have confirmed that they will participate in the olympic games in beijing next month .
it is reported that during the meeting , the ioc will hold a meeting with the beijing olympic organizing committee to formally invite the 205 members of the ioc to participate in the olympics .
( gao , yang limin )
wang yan 's condition for improvement " insists on " sitting on stool stool and stool and muscle power to recover " two levels "
hello , wang yan can already be sat on board , but it is not too long to talk about it , so she felt dizzy about it , and wu xianqin , director of zhejiang sports bureau 's branch center , told the reporter yesterday .
before that , the wang yan , who was injured in the game , was getting better , among which the muscle muscle from zuozi 's right limbs recovered and more than 10 days ago went up two grades , tieying .
this month , wang yan was sent to the hospital of six shanghai , where the cause of the severe acute respiratory syndrome ( sars ) was switched to a special ward ward . her right - hand limb muscle dynamism was 2 to 3 , while her left upper limb muscle muscle was 1 .
in the past half a month , wang yan 's upper limb muscle power has improved further .
doctor : wang yan 's diagnosis has reached four or more times , which is only about one grade less than the normal five - grade one , and left hand cycles are also among three - grade elite , wu xun said .
in other words , in less than half a month , wang yan 's upper limb muscles resumed the two - level tumors .
there was a big shock in front of the family , wang yan had been able to sit on the bed for five minutes with the help of the doctor .
hospital rehabilitation experts originally planned to discuss the issue of wang yan 's life protection under the protection of the rehabilitation beds last week .
however , according to wang yan 's current resumption , the training was temporarily delayed .
wu xun said : wang yan 's current training mainly consists of the tie of the arrow , and the cloned can persist in sitting on the board 's benchmark for a while , but it still can not be too long . ( reporter wang qi )
venezuelan president says wto to cut down on civil servants
chinanews , july 23 . cn . com . cn . cn . com . cn . cn . cn . cn . cn . cn . cn . cn . cn . cn . cn . cn . cn . cn . cn . cn . cn . cn . cn . cn . cn . cn . cn . cn . cn . cn . cn
he said : the substantial reduction in the salaries of senior civil servants .
he also said that the people who come to venezuela to attack the venezuelan government will face serious consequences and be expelled .
the trouble has already been ordered by government officials to closely monitor the words of foreigners during their visit to venezuela , and it is found that anyone who openly criticizes him or the venezuelan government will be expelled .
he said in a television speech on the evening of 22 march that venezuela cannot tolerate foreigners running around to the home to tell handbags .
in his speech , he also pointed out that the major reduction in the wages of senior civil servants will be substantially reduced .
he said : the salaries of venezuelan civil servants are highest not more than half of the monthly us dollars .
it is learned that some poor people in venezuela have monthly income from their income .
in latin american countries , the reduction of civil servants ' wages has become a common practice and has won the support of the broad masses of the people .
peru , qun , and other leaders have all paid their own salaries .
he also said that cuban leader castro reminded him to pay attention to the gospel commanded by the united states .
he said that carter 's gift to him a book entitled " china 's accession to the wto " written by former director of the central committee of the united states , he asked him to see the secret cloned by the central intelligence agency .
prc : jfjb article criticizes us spy case for short , long - distance trial of spy cases the case of mai kai was temporarily suspended yesterday .
at 1500 hours last night , the international automobile movement council held a meeting on the fari technology espionage case in paris , and the sumed mai kaikay ran over a robbery : the council will decide not to impose penalties on mai wheel for the time being .
the international automobile union official network , after hearing the statement , issued a statement saying : binfeng mai mai chay [ name as transliterated ] , a secret information about falari , has , but there is no sufficient evidence to show that these materials are used in the international union 's first grade celestial bethleal , and therefore , it will not be punished .
however , the technology spy case in falari has not been criticized .
the commissioner for motor sports will consider the proposal in the decision : if binding is found in the future , the relevant information of falari will be damaged . we will reserve the right to request mai kay to return to the council of automobile movement to give hearing . they may face the penalty of canceling the qualification of the council , or even the qualifying competition in 2008 .
the number of retired officers who have been suspended from their posts , mike glenland , the former chief designer of the kay wheel , has been investigated and found to contain nearly 800 pages of french truck design , zigzene , zelizzene , zelzlene , zelylene , zelylene , zelylene , zelylene , zanyu , zota , zota
the mai kaikun , the england team , had no other people who knew about the information , mai kay 's bicycle did not have any flaws for fluorescent .
wang yuan :
experts believe that insurance is a long - term cause of internal stock market capitalization .
chinanews , july 30 .
according to a report by china securities news , the " regulations on management of offshore investment of insurance funds " was promulgated a few days ago . insurance funds have a broader space for use in the capital market .
china 's chief executive officer of samsung corporation liu lefei believes that the appreciation of the renminbi and the good direction of the domestic capital market , and the insurance institutions will not invest in foreign countries through investment in the short term , and this also means that insurance has not diverted domestic stock funds in the short term .
the report said that many insurance companies hold the same view .
experts said that as there is no longer any binding renminbi products market at present , the insurance institutions are not sufficiently capable of avoiding risks , and the timing for large - scale foreign exchange purchase is not yet mature .
liu lefei said that in the long term , in terms of asset allocation , overseas investment should be in a certain proportion in the overall configuration of insurance companies .
however , in view of the fact that the rmb is under greater pressure of appreciation , china will mainly use its own foreign exchange funds to invest overseas .
as for the purchase of foreign exchange , under the present circumstances , it is necessary to deal with it with caution .
( shang zhijie )
china 's direct loss of 5.5 billion yuan in flood prevention and drought control
this reporter has learned from the general headquarters for flood prevention and drought control in july , at the time of july , there were 18,000,000 mu of farmland affected by drought , of which 541,155 million people were affected . because of the disaster , 6660,000 people died , 45.52 million yuan of houses were directly damaged , and 550 million yuan of economic losses were directly caused .
the drought - stricken area of china is 144 million mu , and there are some contention between the people of zigui group army and the people of lianjiang county because of drought , there is a critical condition for the people .
in july , the national general headquarters for flood prevention and drought control issued an urgent plan to deal with the current severe flood prevention and drought control situation .
the meeting called on all provinces along the huaihe river to strengthen the flood prevention headquarters , reinforce the longevity of water retreat , and strive for a comprehensive victory in flood prevention .
the state general office for flood control and the ministry of finance , qizuoyuan agriculture , and other departments have sent three work teams to each country to provide guidance for flood prevention and drought control work .
at present , there are intense and orderly progress in flood prevention work . there are normal operations . there are also many other flood - control projects in huaihong , henan province , hubei province , jiangsu province , in henan province .
the reason why there was no big danger in agricultural production .
heilongjiang province , jiangxi province , and other provinces started the emergency response to drought resistance in accordance with the plan , and the drought - relief work is being carried out in an intense and orderly manner .
the chinese government will continue to make efforts to promote the development of the economy , said a senior chinese official here thursday .
chen shui - bian secretly criticized judicial intervention in the election the taiwan " judicial yuan " denies and wants to interpret it .
chinanews , july 3 c chen shui - bian on the 30th questioned judicial personnel on the island who attempted to get involved in the election of a leader in the taiwan region .
taiwan 's judicial court , administrative organ , gao zhiqiang , said on the same day that the performance of judges on the island is not in line with what chen shui - bian said , and he also asked chen shui - bian to explain his views .
according to a report by taiwan 's " shao pao , " chen shui - bian doubted on 30 june the relationship between the attorney and the investigator and the investigator , and because of political or election considerations , he intervened in and even attempted to influence the campaign activities of candidates of various parties , saying he hoped that such phenomena would not exist in taiwan , but that it might be very difficult .
in view of chen shui - bian 's doubts , the president of taiwan 's judicial yuan lieying , said nothing about the response from secretary general fan guangqun , gao qi , gao jingzhi , speaking from the judicial affairs college .
gao jinchi said : taiwan 's fundamental law and the code of conduct of judges harri ming should declare that judges should go beyond the party , be prohibited from taking part in political party activities , and that judges are very careful in observing the relevant restrictions . judges believe that the court of justice is good .
gao jinzhi pointed out that kaohsiung could not stop the trial of justice judge zhang shengxi at kaida school a few years ago because of the party colors in the course , which was decided by a self - discipline committee formed by judges .
zhang shengxi once wanted to join the dpp , because he took up the election because of his job disputes .
gao jinchi maintained that if a case is tried in a particular case , it can not be tried in accordance with the judgment alone .
germany to lower professional talent import threshold
the first day of the year of the chinese new year , the chinese people 's liberation army ( pla )
germany 's education and scientific research minister swan said a few days ago that germany should lower the requirement of " procedural law " for introducing foreign professionals and increase the import of foreign professionals to solve the problems facing german professionals .
according to oecd reports , germany went to binjie 15 - 64 years old , and the number of laborers will decline year after year .
if there is no sufficient immigration , until 20:00 , german labor force will be reduced by 60 percent .
however , the german employers ' federation and the german engineer association reported that in germany , the current labor market , professional engineers , professional technicians , are bigger than professional engineers .
the labor department said that the number of unemployed workers in the german labor market was up to 1-1 percent in may , and that the technicians were supplying about 9,600 people .
germany , in order to protect its own people 's employment , has set a higher threshold for bringing in foreign talent .
germany 's " shao law " stipulates that non - eu countries ' professionals do not have to compete with each other in germany for a job of 855,000 euros or a residence permit .
sha wan suggested that the limit be lowered to binding to binding to binding euro .
do not have superstition , but theoretical circles
the draft law recently submitted to the npc standing committee for examination and approval stipulates : the people who have engaged in legal research , such as teaching chu , have the characteristics of a high level of specialization , such as those in the same rank of barristers or once , and who apply for lawyers ' practising , shall be approved by the state council 's judicial administration for examination and approval and be allowed to practice their profession .
( 28 june " zhongguo bao " )
there are laws governing differentiation between theory and practice , and there are different reasons for the former , mainly including legal teaching and research work , and other matters related to the chaotic situation , and the latter is more practical actions such as legal consultancy and legal services .
for a long time , there has been theoretical innovations and practice in the theoretical field , but there is a clash between man and man , and theoretical circles believe that there is no need for essential matters in the field of practical work , and only mechanics are forbidden in legal matters , but there is no need for theoretical guidance in respect of criticisms of the theory of truth , and it is difficult to guide practice with theory .
the division of labor has a great bearing on the division of labor and the legal system that can be done in this way .
however , the " law of lawyers " contains some strange things , but it objectively recognizes the legal profession . it is more important to meet the judgment of law than the legal profession .
in fact , some experts engaged in legal system and international laws purely for theoretical research and teaching , such as the law of the legal system , have deep theoretical knowledge with legal facts .
in this way , bao zhijun 's system of lawyers will undoubtedly serve the purpose of confusing legal qualifications , creating a situation of extremely bad mouth .
it is necessary to cherish superstition in theoretical circles , such as experts ' arguments and arguments , which will affect or even reject court decisions , and also directly manifest such superstition .
encourage chinese - funded ships to fly in prairie
the chinese people 's liberation army [ pla ]
from the state council 's phonetic conference , it was learned that beginning 1 july , china will implement a special case involving chinese - funded shipping vessels , which is a special case in china , and encourage chinese - funded enterprises that have hanged outside china to register their enterprises back to china and obtain the prc shipping register . this will enable them to fly in the country .
to further promote the healthy development of china 's maritime industry , to strengthen the country 's wheel , and to deal with the problem of having a considerable number of ships engaged in international navigation in china registering and flying foreign flags , the ministry of communications recently promulgated " regulations on implementing the sino - capital international shipping shipping register policy " , which clearly states the conditions and procedures for special case policy and the conditions for application and procedures , and the conditions for shipping shipping that meet the requirements for the two -
application forms can be found in shanghai 's qianjun bao city in dalian in processing the registration procedures for ships and ports .
britain 's plan to reduce terrorist attacks
the first ever international conference on the development of the western region of china was held in london on 5 july .
the british government , after attacking terrorism , launched a attack from the highest level to the severe shock level , which indicated that the terrorist attacks in britain will soon occur , but the attack is still very likely .
at present , british police have shifted the scope of investigation to india and australia .
as the eight arrested terrorists attacked the police , they were all working in the medical system , and the government will investigate and deal with the background of the migrants who had entered the medical system .
it is reported that nearly shun in britain 's public health system workers are working overseas .
prime minister shaw also called for efforts to analyze the background of high - tech migration , and employers or related organizations will be asked to provide information about the background of the disease .
do n't let traders be tired .
there are many scenic spots in the red , but there is no slackening in the effort to relax the effort , and to the greatest extent enjoyment of natural and social civilization .
however , the number of people who travel in china has encountered such a kind of worries , but in the process of being attacked by shop traders and intermediary business , there is no need to go after it .
whether it is cars or trains , the main driver of the car , must meet with small businessmen and some intermediary without a license , and knock in .
it is not selling out of wood cakes , which is selling newspapers and periodicals , and many non - certification to introduce the food , the shining of food , and even the false notarization .
if you do not accept it , he can chase you several hundred meters , and it 's very difficult to get a good impression of being benevolent .
in some aspects of the wind , many of them have the same feelings .
the door was not opened for tourists .
after entering the door , this situation will become more serious , and the good yaxing is also susceptible to uncertainty .
some media have reported that the number of foreign tourists who went to xi'an was unprecedented for xi'an 's ancient heritage , but they were very disappointed with the many dusty pedddlers who were allowed to sell them everywhere .
including the lanes of ancient encyclopedia , the original was born out of the country , and the localities where there were good , civilized , orderly , quiet , and harmonious , which gave birth to a relaxed , relaxed , relaxed , and harmonious environment .
the freedom of the retail trade , the confused things that have not been done in the heart of the matter , objectively undermined these kinds of public order , resulting in pollution and environmental pollution . at the same time , it also provided some conditions and opportunities for the sake of reference .
the important thing is that these rare encils are the windows of the spiritual civilization construction in hong kong , but they are cloned with the whole picture . they are not just an image issue but also an impact on the economic development in the locality .
just think , if you want to be a strong tourist industry , you use such a mess of tourism environment to welcome south - to - north visitors , who will come and who will dare come ?
your tourism economy is also a way to achieve efficiency .
with the peak tourist season , the traffic in the northern part of tiannan prefecture has created a civilized tourist environment . it should be said that the pressing task is to create a civilized tourist environment .
do n't worry about the market , the business behavior of peddler pedddlers should be standardized , and the business without verification should be resolutely abolished , and illegal activities should be resolutely cracked down .
a civilized and orderly environment can enable the whole family to feel happy and to go home with great vigor .
in a word , do n't tie the business to trouble .
prc : jfjb article criticizes us for taking the initiative in retaining others
the beijing dongcheng district , jianjun , used to distribute electronic products and other items , as a voluntary retirement scheme for 12 low - income households .
( " xinjing bao " on 10 july )
the author has made a lot of joy for the improvement of the living conditions of these families , but also talked about the practice of rewarding the gospel with flush rewards .
jiaoqi street office deputy director said : in response to the problem of cheating low - income insurance , we encourage the withdrawal of the private insurance company on our own initiative , and set examples for other low - income households .
this example , if it is to encourage other low - income insurance personnel to extricate themselves from their predicament , it is indeed worth advocating . if we want to use this to express those people who have long been deceived by low - income insurance for a long time , we cannot avoid being childish .
in terms of differentiation and sorting out low - income households , what is more reliant on is the law .
the departments concerned should strengthen the protection of low - income households in the course of enjoying the minimum guarantee : if they promptly inform the family personnel and income situation , report on the employment situation , and accept regular reexamination , the departments concerned should step up supervision and inspection .
after all , the preservation of ancient grain is a long - term plan .
the street has a special meaning for rewarding families , and who will be buried ?
as a first - level government organization , the street 's expenditures are borne by fiscal appropriations .
the taxpayers ' money should not be used ?
on the one hand , the withdrawal of low - income families proves that they have possessed certain ability to govern themselves , but on the other hand , there is not a lack of sufficient ability to apply for minimum - income insurance .
the rescue team , called life - saving money , should send out relief in the snow rather than adding flowers to the brocade .
liu said that china is willing to serve the people .
on 10 july , the first public opinion poll in zhenbao village , which was selected for the first time in the country , was held in qamansi district , zou zhenlan , from zangyi , for the fourth time after taking office , to accept the clarity rate of 97.7 percent .
at a news conference with liu gangyi , liu said that liu made himself a member of the service , but was still a bit strange .
( the " xin jing bao " yesterday )
liu gangyi 's family service was a shock , probably a little bit more than the appointment system of cadres , and it was more true to tell people from the truth .
the public - nominated system is the most important thing in comparison to the system of public promotion , and the former is mainly decided by ordinary party members , while the latter is mainly appointed by the higher - level organization , and the source of power has decided that the former must be responsible to the people .
the source of power and the responsibility for who are the key to determining how the person to be elected should carry out his work .
some people questioned such a heresy as democracy , but also like a clay of democracy .
my view is that there is such a tie between democracy and the effort , which is better than that .
considering the reality of china 's grassroots democratic political construction and the current situation , i believe that the public - to - public elections are a major breakthrough , and democracy is an important component of democracy , which is not to be underestimated in promoting grassroots democratic political construction .
india is expected to select the first female presidential analyst as saying the possibility of being elected is quite high , while female voters hope to raise the status of women .
on 23 june , bao beside presidential candidate document , the only one was in front of the presidential document .
indian presidential election begins on 19 july . the new president will be elected in the capacity of current vice president shevardatat and governor of rajasthan state , who was recently resigned from office , ritie bae .
paal is the first chinese female president in indian history . if she was elected , she would become the first female president in india .
pavel is the ruling national congress party candidate , shevardat is from the opposition party people 's party .
because of the opposition party 's support in the presidential election , the media and the people all stood up , and the possibility of paraguay 's election was rather large .
the 72 - year - old palanquia is the head of the lachachusette state .
she , a lawyer , entered the congress , experienced abundant experience , and was very experienced in the long term of office of the head of the state of lastanthenthal . she was perplexed by the government .
she also devoted herself to social welfare , which is the main theme of many cultural education and social welfare organizations .
analysts pointed out that the reason why paragun became a candidate was because she had been blindly lacking in the hearts of sonia gandhi , chairman of the national congress party of india .
in india , the gandhi family has long controlled the ruling national congress party .
paraguay was criticized by a large number of female voters , and female voters believed paijie would play a leading role in india 's women 's image , which had a serious discriminatory concept of females , in an effort to enhance the status of females .
the constitution stipulates that india is a federation state and the president is the nominal head of state and head of state of the country , and does not represent any party organization , and more importantly it is a symbol .
( yan yingzhi )
the united states supports the palestinian government 's expulsion of extremist forces
washington , july 22 ( reporter xu qisheng )
us president bush said on 21 march that the united states will fully support the pakistani government in its effort to bind the tie and extreme elements from pakistan and afghanistan .
bush said at a weekly routine broadcast on that day that according to the new us intelligence , the pentagon had held a meeting with the afghan border region in pakistan and afghanistan , finding security cloned in clay .
he expressed his strong concern over this .
bush said that the united states will continue to support pakistani president musharraf and believes that musharraf will persist in waging struggles with the ximenghui and the militia .
the recent " national intelligence assessment " report by the united states pointed out that muslim militarization organization is a chronicle of bin laden , and the organization of the gossip still poses a threat to the united states .
mashariqa held a meeting with some tribal leaders in northern pakistan in september last year on guarding against the shine and the chronicle organization activities of the bahrain and the qigong team members .
these tribes were not willing or did not have the ability to defend their own security in the region .
bush said in his early tape speech that musharraf is taking positive steps to correct this mistake .
the united states hopes that the agreement on the dprk nuclear issue will be comprehensively implemented
washington , july 24 ( reporter xu qisheng )
us assistant secretary of state condoleezza rice , us chief representative for the six - party talks on the nuclear issue of the dprk , said on 23 march that the six - party talks on the korean nuclear issue held last week really made progress , but this is only a preliminary action in implementing the agreement .
the united states very much hopes that the " 19 september joint statement " and the " 23 february joint document " for resolving the dprk nuclear issue can be implemented in full swing .
greek said at a press conference that in order to achieve the fundamental solution to the dprk nuclear issue , it is necessary for the dprk to declare all its nuclear program by the end of this year and to achieve the goal of turning nuclear facilities into functional ones .
he expressed the hope that all parties concerned would comprehensively carry out the six - party talks reached within a year .
hill also said that during the summit , the two sides also agreed to hold talks on security and energy issues .
climate change has led to the abbas ice plain drops quickly
on the eve of the spring festival ,
the swiss expert on glacier has long been following and studying and discovered that in 1850 to till the tip of glacier , the longest longest time in switzerland was slashed at an average rate of 3 percent .
only a few shock can cause a belligerent to melt up 1.8 percent .
experts believe that by the year 2000 , if the global temperature increases three times , glaciya will be reduced by only 5 percent compared with now , and the tip of 5 th column will disappear .
the aleksandr glacier is the longest icechelon in europe , and is included in the un organization for world natural heritage . however , in 2006 , it reduced 100 meters to binding it . protection has reached the name of binding .
jiefangjun bao caption : ' the aleksekery , which is 23 kilometers long , is the longest .
liu jun .
the beijing olympics , each of the other 's partners , proposed that civilized consumers be used .
beijing , july 30 ,
reporter liang jie reports from the chinese consumer association : on the eve of the 29 th olympic games on 8 august , the beijing municipal consumer association will soon be held in tuanqiu city , the consumer association of shanghai , together with the consumer protection committee of shanghai , the association of consumers ' rights and interests , signed the letter of intent on 8 august in the name of the consumer protection organization in six cities and one district .
the proposal proposed that from my angles , i strengthen my awareness of humanity olympics , learning ceremonies , enhancing civilization , practicing civilization standards , observing society , and being an observer of the civilization ;
enhance the awareness of the green olympics , protect the ecological environment , cherish the efforts , and actively promote sustainable consumption .
foster the awareness of diligence and thrift , change the concept of consumption , blindly competing with each other , oppose extravagance and waste , and be a rational consumer with a scientific concept of consumption ;
raising the awareness of consumer protection and taking the initiative to participate in social supervision , consciously respecting intellectual property rights , correctly understanding rights and obligations , and doing a reasonable job of protecting rights according to law ;
promoting spirit and positive participation ,
the " shanqi " company of the police , which was celebrating its 10 th anniversary ,
on 1 july , the longhai monastery in nanjing was ringing again in the bell of the sun , and started shining again .
this thick historical recollection has enabled the television station to tie in with mainland china and hong kong , and the people of hong kong and hong kong compatriots to celebrate the 10th anniversary of hong kong 's return to the motherland at this time .
ten years ago on july 1 st , nanjing jinghai temple was opened again in the air over the longhai temple in nanjing , nanjing . zhong yao was an admonished by the history of hong kong island .
not a big shock , but people from all circles in nanjing gathered together . they said that through their own efforts , the alarm bells will forever be alerted by themselves and forgets history .
pronounced alarm bell is 1.842 meters , and in 1842 it was in + shock during the time when the " nanjing treaty " was signed during the time when it broke out .
the shoulder of the bell is 1.997 m , and the symphony of hong kong is revert to china .
in those years , the police 's planning and casting of the bell , wang fengchao , said : there is no distinct between the five lines of ancient tomb and the whole copper belt , which symbolizes hong kong as a coastal city of the motherland , as a bridge between the motherland and the pearl of the motherland . in the end , using the mehua flower of nanjing city as a diagram to serve as a diagram of diagram .
the first proposal was to build a police station in the year , yu hsiu - yao , a democrat from the democratic party , said : since hong kong 's return to china , hong kong has been in a state of ten years . he hoped that hong kong would be able to have a bright tomorrow like that tomorrow that can be tired , not miss yue .
( end ) ( zhu xiaoying , liu yang )
the russian security bureau accused the oligarchs of " conspiring to wage a tie "
the russian oligarchs in exile in london , bowski , attorney general , announced on 2 july that the russian federal security bureau has formally filed a new charge against his party , accusing him of conspiring to make the country known for attempting violence to seize the russian regime .
he said that the chinese government and people have always paid close attention to the development of the relations between the two countries , and have made great efforts to promote friendship between the two peoples .
the russian federation security bureau 's reconnaissance bureau immediately carried out an investigation and prosecution in accordance with article 278 of the " russian federation criminal law , " which contrasts clauses of violence against others . recently , it formally filed a suit with the moscow state salvyov court .
it is reported that in february 2006 , the russian federation procuratorate proposed criminal cases against byagainst , and based on the same facts as the oligarchs in exile confirmed in their interviews that they attempted to seize the russian regime by force .
the united states has been extradited from abroad and has no way of extradition . in january 2007 , russia temporarily suspended the investigation of the case .
on 2 july , moscow 's salvylaye district court began to hear another criminal case of exile oligarchs . the russian general procuratorate accused believskiy of swallowing russian airlines 214 - million rubles of money and 16 - million rubles . the court decided to postpone the hearing to start an investigation on this matter on 12 july . it will provide protection for the accused country .
peres thinks that these are important components of the gospel , which clearly forbids their own defense lawyers from participating in the celebrations .
( bi yuan )
guangxi has a sense of administrative efficiency and supervision of 619 people responsible for responsibility posts
since the beginning of this year , various departments in guangxi have carried out activities to transform cadres ' work style and strengthen the administrative efficiency of organs . when the system of investigating responsibility for the implementation of the system of accountability was put into practice , 33 key examination and approval departments of the autonomous region have been included in the administrative efficiency supervision network .
so far , 619 people have been held accountable .
the reporter learned from the discipline inspection commission of the autonomous region on 5 april that guangxi has initially formed a system of supervision over administrative efficiency in xianxian county , autonomous region , to strengthen supervision over key departments ' responsibilities , and to completely integrate the 14 electronic supervision systems in cities with the autonomous region .
the autonomous region 's administrative efficiency electronic monitoring system directly links the entire process of the 33 key projects directly related to investment , production , and livelihood of the people and the people , the key examination and approval department of the autonomous region , which has a direct bearing on the production and livelihood of the people , further standardized the examination and approval behavior and improved the efficiency of examination and approval .
at the same time , discipline inspection and supervision organs at all levels in guangxi have seriously investigated and dealt with cases involving work style and damage the interests of the masses . as of now , they have investigated and verified 1001 cases , investigated and closed 769 cases , and held accountable the 6,619 cases of units involved in 584 cases .
member of the standing committee of the cpc committee , secretary of the discipline inspection commission of the cpc committee , ma ying - jeou , said on 5 july that supervision of administrative efficiency is a long - term mechanism that has always been followed by administrative activities .
guangxi should further improve and regulate the various aspects of administrative management , establish and perfect the mechanism and guarantee mechanism for supervising administrative efficiency , and include efficiency supervision in the orbit of institutionalization , further standardize supervision and inspection , and perfect the mechanism for handling complaints and evaluating performance results assessment , and step up the investigation of responsibility to ensure that the system of investigating and affixing responsibility for the first and the system of handling the cases is strictly implemented .
the chinese government has decided to launch a new round of trade talks with the united states on the korean peninsula nuclear issue .
nato does not rule out the possibility of establishing cooperative relations with the united states on the abm system .
nato information office , simona de mansso , said in an exclusive interview with xinhua reporters on 9 june that it is not ruled out the possibility of linking the us anti - missile system with nato 's own defense system .
simona de mansso said that nato is studying the us anti - missile plan and hopes that the us anti - missile base will cover all its european allies .
she said : nato has its own theater missile defense system and has begun discussing the establishment of a strategic missile defense system , and integrating the us anti - missile system with nato 's own defense system is not impossible .
she also said that the united states has always been in a responsible position on the question of the us establishment of an anti - missile system in europe .
the chinese government will continue to make efforts to promote the development of the sino - japanese relations , said a senior chinese official here tuesday .
two jordanian people were killed in planning to attack americans
two jordanian men jailed for planning attacks on americans in jordan on 11 april , the jordanian national security court sentenced them to death .
the two men , both 25 - year - old , were a person with samarry millilley , jailed for eight years and forced labor service , while the other was clicking william shidah , jailed for three years .
the court said that the court also ruled that the case of harry held illegally , and the police discovered a fluorescent gun in his hair when searching for his hero .
the court had originally decided to sentence the helali to be lifelong , and later considered a chance for him to change over the fluorescent condition to another person , and he would cut the tie for eight years .
the indictment said that the two defendants decided to provide a good service for those who were insulted by americans , insulted the muslims , and thus planned to attack americans living in jordan .
on august 2006 , they talked about a man in the capital of jordan , anman , but in the process of attacking him , they were arrested by the police .
the indictment did not make public the identity of the american .
the indictment also accused the two defendants of having plans to attack other americans , but they did not disclose specific details .
the chinese government will continue to strengthen cooperation with the european union ( eu ) in the field of energy and food , said a senior chinese official here tuesday .
the drug intifada report on bad reactions has increased substantially .
according to the us media reports on the 15 th , the heart disease caused by antidiabetes vancouver has recently shown a big upward trend in the united states .
the us food and drug administration issued a safety warning in may this year , advising diabetes patients to be careful with tidia because scientists published in the first issue of the " new medical journal " published on 21 may , in a research report , said that this drug would greatly increase the incidence rate of patients with heart diseases and increase the number of diagnosis .
the most important thing in tieshan 's health is that doctors and patients are concerned about it .
the statistics show that , after issuing a safety warning , the us pharmaceutical administration received a total of 357 drug abusers causing adverse reactions . among them , 38 were deaths .
the first two months of this year , the drug authority received only 50 and 73 complaints against unscrupulous treatment .
these bad reactions are lightly tied up to water , and are placed heavily on sudden death of heart disease .
however , the us pharmaceutical service , which is the only one of the most important drug experts in the us drug administration , has come to a conclusion that tidiane is not safe .
the authority will launch a public consultation exercise on the health condition of havel on july 30 .
in 1999 , the author of wendi was an island increase agent , which was applicable to therapeutic diabetes .
there are about 6 million diabetes patients in the world who have taken or are taking them .
the most important thing in vancouver 's memory is that the company has always believed vincent is safe and that it is more important than shy for patients .
us wants to reopen middle east peace talks
us president bush met with us president george w. bush in washington on 16 june and called for a international conference on palestine - israel issues this fall to invite israel to meet some of the arab countries and other countries around palestine to join in the effort to jointly promote the reopening of the middle east peace process .
on the 17th , bush also phoned egyptian president mubarak to meet king birendra of jordan and saudi arabia , asking them to respond positively to the initiative and support abbas , president of the palestinian national authority , with practical action , in order to help palestine and israel resume peace talks at an early date .
abbas said the central committee of the palestinian liberation organization ( plo ) will discuss the palestinian elections ahead of schedule
the palestinian national authority chairman abbas said in ramallah on 18 june that the palestinian liberation organization ( plo ) central committee held a two - day meeting on the same day , which will discuss the possibility of holding an election of the palestinian national authority and the legislative council .
abbas said in a statement that the united nations should not be allowed to use force against iran , but that the united nations should not be allowed to use force against the palestinians .
at the same time , abbas expressed his admiration for the relations between the palestinian national authority and the eu .
he said : palestine welcomes the eu 's visit to palestine by the president 's office .
abbas urged the eu to continue providing humanitarian aid to the palestinian people in gaza .
he reiterated the eu 's position on abbas and the palestinian people .
he said : the mideast issue is related to the united nations , the european union , and russia , which will hold a meeting on 19 june to discuss the reopening of the middle east peace process . the proposal may be put forward in the next few days .
shao said that the eu is very concerned about the deployment of international troops in gaza , but it still needs to discuss with other parties , especially with the united nations .
the chinese government has decided to launch a new round of trade talks with the united states on the basis of the principles of mutual respect , equality and mutual benefit .
jiangxi to provide medical service for rural health talent
for a long time , a large number of health professionals and technicians have worked hard in rural areas to offer advice and services to peasants in the grassroots health cause and to the masses of people in their health .
jiangxi province recently decided to carry out a special investigation into the health technical personnel in rural areas who have been in the rural areas for 30 years , the honor for the prize for health work in rural areas .
according to the jiangxi provincial health department , the number of people engaged in health - related technical work in the township health care clinics run by the government has nearly 300 million yuan in professional health technical personnel , who have attained secondary or higher education and specialized health technical specialties . for those who work continuously or merged in the town health care center , the longest blood defense unit , and the anthony village , which has been working for 30 years , all have been awarded awards .
the first batch of confirmed final accounts will end in late july .
for those rural health workers who meet the requirements , jiangxi province , in addition to issuing the rural health service certificate , which was awarded 30 years ago , will also hold examination in the flush examination of chronicle column and give priority to the need of special care :
senior professional examinations consist of qualifying examinations , and qualifying examinations mainly in actual work ability , the conditions for scientific research and theses should be relaxed appropriately , so that qualification can be avoided .
the jiangxi provincial health department will arrange a certain number of vacation places each year to subsidize the expenses .
starting this year , jiangxi province will launch a once - in - two rural health work , which involves 30 years of recommendation by the award for honorable title , the ministry of agriculture , the ministry of agriculture , the ministry of agriculture , the ministry of agriculture , the ministry of agriculture , the ministry of agriculture , the ministry of agriculture , the ministry of agriculture , the ministry of agriculture , and the ministry of agriculture .
the united states and china have signed a memorandum of understanding ( mou ) on cooperation in the field of energy and environmental protection .
the us defense department reconsiders the reduction of us troops in europe
a us defense department official said on 23 march that because of the iraq war and the changes in the world situation , the us department of defense is reconsidering its plan to cut the number of us troops stationed in europe by half .
the us media quoted a defense department official as saying that because the iraq war is still going on and the us - russian and iranian relations are deteriorating , the defense department has doubts about the feasibility of reducing the european garrison plan .
in his eyes , then secretary of defense rumsfeld announced that the united states would deploy its troops in europe from the original 11.0 million people to 7.00 million people , in order to build a flueless column with only one single clause .
at present , the total number of us troops stationed in europe has fallen to dampen .
however , in june this year , commander of the us military european command , chris dorkick , submitted a report to current defense secretary , asking questions about the cut - off plan .
the report said that the us forces in europe and the united states have also reduced their troops to iraq and afghanistan in turn , causing the number of us troops stationed in europe to be short of manpower and unable to conduct normal cooperation with their european allies .
the report suggests that the us military plan in europe be halted .
a relevant us expert maintained that the above phenomena show that the long - lasting killings in the iraq war have disrupted the original us military adjustment plan .
the chinese government will continue to make efforts to promote the development of the sino - japanese relations , said a senior chinese official here tuesday .
the special campaign to send good fortune to the community in shandong 's jiaozhou city , where the safety movie was held in the community ,
people 's daily , july 26 ( reporter song xuechun ) fan zhongliang
in order to further deepen urban civilization , three aspects can enable the vast numbers of citizens to have a stronger sense of traffic law and traffic safety , and to enhance their consciousness of abiding by the law . from 20 july to 10 august ( monday to third day of the week ) , the city 's bantuan city , cosmopolitan city , was in the city 's plaza , the city 's banjia banyan , in the great hall of the people 's square ,
in the movie , there was no need for the army to write " shine protecting life -- protecting life -- a letter to the vast numbers of citizens " and some publicity materials were broadcast to the public and the " guardian of life " and " on the road to study . "
the one - time eyes of the film aroused the shock of the people , and the curtain of one column after another played a very great role in warning the public .
in particular , the " on the road to study " is a special film , which can enable longevity to understand the meaning of love , and also receive profound education .
the film attracted the attention of more than 3,000 residents around the square . in particular , some movie experts from zangzhou and qianbao were sitting in the central hall of the venue with great interest .
through the transmission of traffic safety films into communities ( ci ) , the launch of the construction site activities has enabled the vast numbers of residents to enjoy the film while enjoying the cool , and to receive a profound education on traffic safety , which has received warm welcome from the public , especially the new citizens .
health ministry : national food industry to be gradually under way
in order to better implement the " food hygiene law " and the " decision of the state council on further strengthening food safety work , " the ministry of health has separately held meetings in beijing 's haidian district , longzhou city , jiangsu , hangzhou city , hangzhou , luoyang city , hubei province , haitian city , hubei province , hainan province , qinjie sanjie , sichuan province , sichuan province , and other 10 regions to conduct pilot projects in supervising the public health situation .
this system will also gradually be implemented in the whole country .
the food and beverage hygiene supervision system is a system of making public the health supervision of food and beverage units on the basis of day - to - day supervision of food service units . health management personnel of service staff who have health authenticated food quality and label processing process , sanitary protection places for health protection , food for health protection , beverages for cleaning up major raw materials , etc. , are under supervision of nine important health conditions , including cleaner
according to the briefing , the public announcement list will adopt the unified style and pattern stipulated by the ministry of health , which will include the results of the nine - hour on - site examination of the results of comprehensive evaluation of the present health supervision opinions of the united nations , the name of the regulatory body , the number of complaints and reports , and the locations of the offices or customers who are inspected by the units or units that are inspected by the food and beverages are clearly in order to find
the chinese government will continue to provide assistance to the african union ( eu ) in its efforts to promote the development of the economy , said a senior chinese official here tuesday .
un to extend deadline for peacekeeping
the un security council unanimously adopted a resolution on 30 june agreeing to link the united nations peacekeeping troops in zaiya and eritrea for six months to january next year .
the resolution urged all parties concerned to fulfill their commitments , maintain restraint , ease tensions , and avoid unctuous military activities , and called on eriya to immediately withdraw its troops and military equipment from the temporary security zone , calling for reducing the additional military troops deployed in the vicinity of the provisional security zone recently .
the resolution urged the nation to immediately take concrete steps to enable the ecuadorian border committee to rapidly mark the border without any progress , and urged eritrea to stop hysteria from postponing the operation and operations of the eeritrean team without delay .
the resolution reiterated its full support for the work of the ecuadorian border committee and expressed appreciation for the decision of the commission to hold a meeting in new york on september 6 .
in 1998 , tuyaya and bajie broke out border conflict , causing many deaths .
in june 2000 , ethiopia and ecuador signed a cease - fire agreement in algeria 's capital of algeria .
since july 2001 , the united nations has been deploying peacekeeping forces along the ethiopian - eritrean border to supervise the implementation of the cease - fire agreement between the two countries .
the chinese government and people are willing to work together with the us side to promote the development of bilateral relations .
the national county level exams the olympics .
on june 30 , chengdu , by reporter wen wei po
xing shizhong , a reporter from zhenbao , said : to implement the spirit of the party central committee 's instructions on building a harmonious socialist society , and coordinate with the building of a new socialist countryside , the whole people are living together with the olympics , the rich cultural and sports life of the masses , and the victory of the county level nationwide in chengdu city on 30 june in order to welcome the olympic games .
the six - day event attracted more than 100 athletes from all parts of the country .
according to the regulations , the athletes participating in this competition must be contestants aged 18 or above .
all 2006 infestations of the state sports general administration ( sport ) will be held in 2007 .
the competition adopted the latest edition of " shock rules " which was examined and approved by the chinese national association , and the competition was divided into two stages .
the competition was jointly sponsored by the state sports administration center , the china zhi gong dang association , the china international sports travel company , and other cities .
in recent years , the double - circulation counties with history have developed rapidly . the double - baray counties have won national acchi county , zizhi county of sports in the whole country , a series of advanced sports units of the masses throughout the country , and others .
in particular , in the construction of the new countryside , shuangjie county has vigorously carried out the peasants ' sports project , beautified the sports facilities in rural areas with the streamlining of the modern sports meet , and built the stadium around the peasants , enabling the sports service system to cover the rural areas , and actively promoting and developing sports activities with rich local characteristics which can be read by peasants who wish to participate in sports and improve their quality through participation in sports activities and activities .
the modern uniform system is the three functions
first , recognition functions .
differentiate between different branches of the armed forces and the people .
in the world , the number of countries in the world is large , small , and more than 100 , although the use of military uniforms is basically the same , the military uniforms of any two countries ' armies are completely the same .
second , symbolic functions .
to a certain extent , the uniform is a national mental outlook and a national characteristic which shows the inherent characteristics of a country and a country 's military .
in lizhen , fluorescent cottage , physique , and other military uniforms , it was most fully demonstrated in the heroic mettle of the army , which was composed of the heroic army of lu zhiqiang .
third , the function of protection .
with the development of new and high - tech weapons and equipment , the comprehensive protection capability of new - type operational and training uniforms will enable the defense of bullets with the defense of defense against chemical fortifications , the prevention of bacteria radiation , and the multiplication functions of wenlou , weizhen , and other aspects have become the most important issue in military uniforms .
( shi wei )
a party committee organ of a regiment has dealt with problems like illness
the chengdu military area command
the united states , princess yeo rushun , can help us save a living room , benefiting from the resolve and courage of the party committee organs of the big team , which is the party committee organ of the regiment .
today , a communication training regiment of the chengdu military region was more than 10 cadres from the department in charge of communications training . they were greatly shocked by the party committee of the great team , and dared to solve problems with hard work style , and were full of admiration and admiration .
a few years ago , with the personnel , the family of this brigade was able to get a little more stuck in some of its buildings , which was unauthorized . as a result , the staff and soldiers were in a difficult place in housing .
the brigade also made several clarifications , and all of them were unable to get through because of various obstacles , making this issue an old , big , and difficult one .
only by daring to fight for truth can we solve problems without being able to solve problems .
the new leading body of the party committee reached a consensus , and principal leaders personally started to tackle all irregularities and occupation of houses .
they are moving around , looking at things from a headline , hoping that the related personnel can speak about the army building , the housing department , the housing department , the housing department , and the relevant policies and regulations of the party committee , showing the firm determination and principled stand of the party committee .
we must strictly enforce the rules governing some housing units that do not want to retire and occupy more housing units . party committees and institutions at all levels must promptly contact their units where they are located and take corresponding measures to urge them to take the initiative in cooperating with the work of the units .
after two months of meticulous work , the pilots found in the cores that all households that had violated rules and regulations and had occupied more housing had been removed , and the staff cadres of the brigade had been assigned housing according to regulations .
the party committee of the brigade has the courage to deal with tough issues , but has also produced a binding effect . it turned out that several cadres who were unwilling to cooperate with the organization in the organization 's distribution have also expressed their willingness to submit to the organization and the organization for decision .
qiao qingchen meets bangladesh chief of staff
beijing , july 9 ( this newspaper )
reporter zhang shun reports : yu caihou , commander of the central military commission , met with jaiqiu nyaman , chief of staff of the bangladesh air force , and his party in beijing today .
qiao qingchen said : china and bangladesh have established diplomatic relations , and bilateral relations have been developing smoothly . high - level contacts have been frequent , and friendly exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been constantly strengthened .
the two countries have always supported each other in international affairs and in their national construction .
china appreciates and thanks bangladesh for its support to china on such issues as taiwan 's nongovernmental human rights and tibet .
qiao qingchen said : the chinese armed forces value the friendly relations with the bangladesh armed forces and hope that with the joint efforts of both sides , the friendly cooperation between the two armed forces will be further expanded in the fields and levels , and the friendly exchanges and cooperation between the air forces of the two countries will be enhanced to a new level .
zoellick said bangladesh will make unremitting efforts to further develop the friendly relations between the two armies , especially the air forces of the two countries .
he reiterated that the bangladesh government will , as always , adhere to the one - china policy .
prior to the meeting , qiao qingchen held a welcoming ceremony for zia 's visit .
qi arrived here on sunday for a four - day visit to china at qiao 's invitation .
the ' 07 - style military uniform designer invited china military web
beijing , july 13 , this year , yang baorong 's reporter liu xinxin reported : the entire army will be replaced with 07 - style military uniforms starting from august 1 .
this evening , the chinese military web specially invited feng jun and his department to be consecutively invited by the military material department , chen jun , deputy director of the armament department , and senior engineer su yang of the zhaoji military uniform institute , to be guest of china . the background and research process of the newly - born military uniform , which was born to netizens both inside and outside the military , has evoked repercussions among netizens .
the two guests are the military uniform design - - - directly made .
on the new uniform changes , he said that the new uniform is a new model of military uniforms , which is particularly important in san bao , which is 97 - style military uniform . in the series of brush - type encyclopedia , several hundred improvements were made in the seven aspects , including the military uniform .
the ' 07 - style military uniform ' is the most salient characteristic of the trailblazing function , which has enabled the army uniform of our army to achieve the target of the three services ' coordination for the first time , and symbolized a historic leap in the level of army uniform building .
the two guests also exchanged views on the variety of models of the new army model , such as the fluorine type of encyclopede , and other issues with net friends .
this time , bao tong was jointly developed by the chinese military net and the new wave of china 's encirclopedia .
jingjiang city people 's armed forces department upgraded the quality of special - force cadres
the chinese people 's liberation army [ pla ] held a national defense education meeting in jingjiang city , jiangsu province on 18 june , in which cadres from jingjiang city got together , the " winning informatized wars " psychological warfare tutorial given by minister lu yuqing , who was in charge of " fighting and winning informatized wars " , received the unanimous support of trainees .
this is a unique technique that can be applied to cadres by the armed forces department in light of the actual situation in their posts , and which aims to improve the comprehensive quality of specialized - duty cadres .
at the beginning of this year , the party committee of the people 's armed forces department discovered during the investigation and study at the grassroots level that some cadres with special skills were former length , standing concurrently , and do not put the main energy into the armed work .
for this reason , they adopted training methods with concentrated efforts to train cadres in party schools and relying on local training in order to carry out training for specialized military cadres at regular intervals , and made efforts to resolve such problems as the narrowing of the knowledge level of military cadres and the lack of professional quality .
in connection with the central task , he boldly assigned special - purpose cadres to carry out tasks , but instead , he tried to improve his ability to serve at the post .
at the same time , they have actively coordinated with local organization departments and jointly formulated the " program of competitive appointment of specialized military cadres , " clearly stipulating that the minister of the armed forces must go to the party committee of the jiaozi group and no longer overtake other duties .
the chinese military has established a mechanism for the adjustment and exchange of cadres , and has made great efforts to prevent cadres from adapting to the armed forces at the grassroots level from being overanxious to meet the needs of the armed forces at the grassroots level , and to promptly adjust and exchange them , and to promote comrades with strong overall quality and strong ability in work .
not long ago , the armed forces department of xincentury , ltd . , chen yisong , led the militia technology detachment in making innovations and developing underwater vessels , filled up domestic affairs , and was upgraded to the director of the company 's department of defense .
the good start needs to be good
the results of the competition alone show that the two - to - two score is reasonable , and it is acceptable to you , and the key is the process of the competition , how much regretful it is .
if iran is 2 - 0 , then the nuclear team will score the same , then it will bring a bit more profound feelings to china .
good can never be good at the beginning , but one can say that it is a problem .
he often comes out in the face of the situation .
this is indeed a rare phenomenon that can not do good at the end of the battle .
however , judging from today 's competition , it seems that the competition is not as good as that .
sun jihai , shao qianxiang , shao qianzhi , and others were kicking in europe without saying that li wei and others were also the veteran players who had been through sand and . they saw many things and saw many things , and they could not have any problem in psychological quality .
this regrettable fact was forced to pour the iranian team , and the reason was probably because of the lineup of the troops .
iran 's team was in a backward position for two men , and the scene was immediately confirmed .
the second half of the match also changed three names , but the effect was not good .
we should overcome the tendency of being good at the beginning and not good at the end , and we must find the root of the problem .
as long as the problems are accurately solved , the method of removing the existing problems will probably not be difficult to find .
fear of emergency , and take medicine in a rush .
if we continue this way , we can only play more games , old problems will also commit offenses , and we cannot talk about kicking a further round .
the ministry of public security has awarded the second class of honor to the guangdong border defense corps hospital .
on july 18 ,
li guoliang , qiu qi , reporting : for many years , the guangdong frontier defense corps hospital has also done a lot of work to help the needy , including a click of clogging in the hearts of the people of the eight sides .
this morning , the ministry of public security held a ceremony to commemorate the second anniversary of the victory in the collective efforts of the second team of qigong qun and the advanced deeds of supporting the government and cherishing the people at the guangdong border defense command hospital .
the hospital of the guangdong border defense corps has successively held several large - scale joint - venture hospitals in bhuagihua , baoguihua , and baoan , in shenzhen , specifically targeted hospitals for migrant workers , and the medical fees for foreign workers only need 1 yuan for medical treatment and registration fees . the inspection fee for surgery can all be 80 yuan .
the hospital specially installed a shoe for fluorescent service , which gave free medical treatment to migrant workers , and the agricultural sector health service service qatar , only seven yuan each month needed only for binding seven yuan each month to enjoy 12 basic medical examination and support .
this will benefit the people .
from the beginning of this year , the hospital also carried out a large - scale column of lights for the eye of the eye medical personnel eight times to go to longjie medical team , longziyuan medical center in jiangxi , yunnan , yunnan , and other places to present the light to the guangming health system for 3,000 patients , thus enabling them to revisit the light of the light .
the armed police force began its " seven - style " costume on 1 august .
beijing , july 19 ( jiefangjun bao ) reporter liu zhifeng : the armed police force will , starting from august 1 , gradually replace the 07 - style clothing .
today , this reporter learned from the armed police force 's 2007 ceremonial ceremony and the column of the activity that the seven - style costume costume costumes for fluorescent chronicle tubes four major categories of script .
wearing a shell made up of olive green , which is now in force , into deep olive colors , ornamental seams , and trousers , all have a strong tube , and the overall design is strong , and in the establishment of the number - type , reference to the national standard of garments .
the female officers and soldiers fought against each other in the long hat of eaves , but the winter clothes were changed from the guam style to the lead style . the back structure of xichang 's back was opened , and the blue suit was often put in the spring and autumn suit .
the newly added name plates include the defense service class , the class of military service , the blue ribbon , and the design emblem , the taste of the chest , the shoulder of flowers , the strengthening of the decrecognition function of garments , and the strengthening of the aesthetic sense .
the armed police force 's 07 - year clothing will be replaced in three years .
on august 1 , 2007 , the pla began to compose cadres and national flag for the army , but the national flag was changed to the literature and engineering regiment of the army orchestra , and the army in beijing , which was called spring and autumn monument , was permanent monument and was symbolic .
prc : jfjb column criticizes other soldiers in may , the year of spring and autumn , the year of the dragon , was year after year .
prc : qiushi article criticizes us for fear of cold weather in october
on december 9 , 2009 , the soldiers were replaced with winter clothes .
training is subordinated to the seasons .
a certain base of the second artillery corps has long been curious , and the educational cooperation zone has started .
the first batch of reporters from the ministry of education , ministry of health , ministry of health , ministry of health , ministry of health , ministry of health , ministry of education , ministry of health , ministry of education , ministry of health , ministry of health , ministry of health , ministry of health , ministry of health , ministry of health , ministry of health , ministry of health , ministry of health , ministry of health , ministry of health , ministry of health , ministry of health .
this reporter has learned recently that after six months of pilot projects , the base has issued " the implementation outline for implementing ' the ' program for implementing the ' program for ideological and political education ' " to the units at all levels , small , scattered , remote , and directly under the base , which has already been formally put into operation .
and make new contributions to promoting the effective implementation of the " outline for ideological and political education " . at the beginning of this year , the base organized forces to conduct in - depth investigation and study on the current situation of ideological and political education in small , remote units , and remote units , and the key problems affecting and restricting the effectiveness of education .
the specific approach of the cooperative zone is to break down the division of the establishment of units and to set up a brigade - level unit at the relatively centrifugal zone in small , remote , directly subordinate units for unified planning for thematic education . units under different departments are close to the stage of class lectures or the same system of column discussion .
adopt a method of differentiating between blindly and competitive appointment to make unified arrangements for educational forces ;
each co - ordinated district has established a column for education , a compound for education , and a compound for education .
on this basis , all cooperative areas have also established a mechanism for diagnosing major problems , teaching together , and evaluating the emergency ideological situation .
the director of the base political department zhang shengmin told this reporter that the establishment of a political education coordination zone has not only reduced the waste of educational resources but also deepened the effect of education .
some politics fear nothing about officers and soldiers in foreign units and take the initiative to learn new knowledge in exploring new ways of education .
the officers and soldiers receiving education also actively criticized the content of the education , fearing that the officers and men of the neighboring units would speak in front of the discussion and analysis .
this way , bao and zaibao were warmly received .
a certain regiment of the north china sea fleet stationed in the same area .
the pla general political department , the armed police force , and the people 's liberation army , held a special meeting on 17 july in the company of zhang weiliang , deputy chief engineer of a group of the north china sea fleet . 31 fighters of the regiment , who had worked for a long time , happily set foot on the beidaihe train on the front line .
the sixth - grade noncommissioned officer luo xiangming happily told this reporter : the leading group of the regiment was concerned about the fighters , which deeply moved us . after we returned to cherish the memory of the veteran soldiers , we certainly worked hard !
organizing grassroots soldiers to meet the requirements of this brigade for the first time .
not long ago , yao zhisheng went deep into the grass roots to see some soldiers in charge of work brushed their shell for equipment maintenance , which greatly moved yao qingsheng .
the soldiers have forgotten their work , and the party committee should show concern for and care for the soldiers and take responsibility for the health of the soldiers . at the committee of the revolutionary committee of the revolutionary committee of the chinese kuomintang , yao qingsheng 's words were well received by all .
after studying the matter , the party committee decided to distribute all the seats in the brigade from the higher level to the soldiers working in the frontline .
a certain unit of the jinan military region has openly criticized the havoc .
the pla general political department
wang weiqin , special envoy of li daijun , on 25 july , at a company in jinan military region , the author saw the following : a piece of paper written about military engineering projects , which was carried out by bidding for financial expenses for cadres from the army , who were promoted into the party , among other important matters , including the case of the cadre from the army , was hanged in the window .
according to political commissar su chengsen , this is a new move made by the unit to promote the system of opening affairs to the public .
hello , this unit party committee has done a lot of work and made many important decisions in order to strengthen party style and ethical integrity , such as " public notices for two - way supervision at the grass - roots level of government organs , " demanding that all major issues concerning the immediate interests of officers and soldiers be decided by the unit , and that the authorities should consider the procedures after the process of handling affairs according to the criteria .
the unit has set up a column for public notice , opening up a column in the lanes , and extensively collecting opinions and suggestions from everyone .
at the beginning of the year , the renovation and transformation of the old buildings of the fighters started . before the construction began , the party committee organs extensively solicited the opinions of officers and soldiers , and then issued the information of public bidding , and then introduced the public bidding system .
this not only saved the funds but also won the support of the officers and men .
the work of opening up and fairness has brought about the formation of a good atmosphere at the grassroots level .
in this unit , grassroots companies , no matter whether they are large or small , are determined in hot or sensitive issues , or are still small to individual leave and eating accounts , they have insisted on making public the items regularly and consciously accepting the supervision of the masses .
( international ) research shows that the shovine related to two genes
london , july 2 ( xinhua ) icelandic scientists found through their research that patients with chronic diseases in the two kinds of genes were much higher than ordinary people .
according to the latest issue of " nature " magazine , icelandic 's foundations for legendary legacies research personnel carried out a survey of the several thousand people from iceland , sweden , and hong kong , china , and received the above discovery .
the discovery of these two genes and the heart early starts , which have a major role in the heart .
the shovel shovels touched the heart of the heart of the heart , which could lead to heart palaes , anxiety , and eagles for fear .
according to a report in " the genetic biology " published on 1 july , feng lizhi company , a researcher in the hereditary science company , also found a similar case with dormitory cancer on the chromosomes of the prelude 17 of mankind , and they played a certain role in a 1 - third - of - a - third of the pregnant cancer cases .
the study also found that one of the genes was the most important factor in raising the risk of human genes , while reducing the risk of chronic diseases .
( sports ) the old men of the united states will probably retire after the keller american cup
xinhua news agency , marathon , july 3 ( reporter liu jian )
according to the venezuelan media , on 3 april , the 37 - year - old veteran caucus , in an interview with reporters here , said that if the us - continental cup failed to find a suitable club effect , he would choose to retire .
if america cup
with the doorstep , gradhah , the team fell into germany b , and keller also left the two most powerful teams that had served .
although kelly was willing to take over , he was still besieged by + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
however , the former chief who had served in the western section of chiao chi - chiu and de - chia said that he would finally decide how to choose it would be determined by the family . my child is already nine years old . he has been waiting in three different countries and has been in three different schools . what is my choice now ?
at the jinbei tournament that ended not long ago , kelly played an outstanding role in helping the team win the championship .
the current american cup , he was still being held by the head coach bradley , but naihe could hardly defeat his opponent with one fist , and the young guard team , which was just the french army , was simply not argentina 's strongest rival like paraguay . the two matches , he kept the big doors , were pierced seven times .
the next round of match against the columbia team is very likely to be the match between the team and kelle in the american cup .
china to promote cooperation with asean : senior chinese official
xinhua news agency , july , from ottawa , canada 's " global post " reports show that after eight years of efforts , the black strawberry ( lakkeeth ) of the canadian company , a black strawberry cell phone finally entered china 's market , and the first black strawberry cell phone will be put on the market in china in late august .
hello , chief executive of shao si .
the " global post " quoted bao feng from a manager of the beijing office , saying that the number of black berries 8700g intelligent cell phones will land in china at the end of august , and the price is about 700 us dollars , and 5,000 copies have been received .
baucus said that last week , besiege company , the company 's name h. cell phone , made people more and more concerned about its intelligent cell phone . as an adversary of iowoni , black strawberry mobile phones are now being sold in more than 100 countries around the world .
according to statistics , in the first quarter of this year , the black strawberry mobile phones from binjie were added to 1.2 - million users , and the number of users had reached 900th .
( international ) spain : husband killed in monarchy
xinhua news agency , july 7 th , paris - a woman attacked by monster , killing her with her heart pulling out in a fight , and found the attacker in a flush face . the police have arrested him .
the united states and japan have agreed to hold a meeting in valencia , the local media reported .
one day , a hoodlum man found inside the shop , thinking that it was a hijack , she told him to leave in a drawer for money .
but the man did not take money , but pinned this woman 's neck , wanted to do something about her .
she wanted to use a dead - end method to curry favor with her , but the man did not put her in the court , or did she kick her neck .
during the struggle , the woman took away the face of the driver , but he gladly discovered that the man was her husband .
the assailants have been arrested by the police .
the victim told the media that she was not in good health and her husband was in the process of divorce , and they had two children .
thirteen pilots resigned from the donghang wuhan company for a retaliation , demanding more than 100 million yuan in compensation .
xinhua news agency report of july 11 from wuhan ( by staff reporter liu yang and shuchu )
thirteen pilots have resigned and weicun dongguan , china 's eastern airlines wuhan limited liability company , has opened up as high as 105 - million yuan in huge compensation . this is the largest labor dispute case for hubei province so far in which the amount of compensation is paid .
the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration committee is currently trying this case .
in may this year , 13 donghang wuhan company pilots successively submitted their resignation , which was rejected by the company .
the pilot then flew to hubei province in early june to submit a work arbitration application to the provincial labor dispute arbitration committee , asking for a ruling to terminate labor relations with the china eastern airlines .
the china eastern airlines corporation informed the authorities after hearing the case and asked 13 pilots to give instructions to the company on behalf of the company for the loss of more than 6 million yuan to 10 million yuan , resulting in the severance of labor contracts , and 1.05 million yuan for esteem .
it is learned that the pilots signed a contract with the china eastern airlines on a non - fixed term labor contract . in addition to the suspension conditions laid off by the labor contract or the termination of conditions , the effect of the labor contract will continue to reach the age of the pilot 's legal retirement .
the hubei provincial labor dispute committee has submitted the case to appeal and reproach the case . it is expected that the trial will end on 8 august .
( international ) germany calls for russia to pass the treaty on the border
xinhua news agency , riga , july 12 ( reporter yang dehong ) - german foreign minister steinmeier , who is currently in dispute , appealed on the 12th to the russian side to pass the latinova border treaty as soon as possible .
steinmeier said in a meeting with foreign minister palez that day that the two sides discussed the relations between rand and and the cooperation between the eu and other issues , and reached a consensus on the development of relations between russia and the eu and russia .
after the talks , the two sides exchanged views on the development of bilateral relations and the nuclear issue of the korean peninsula .
steinmeier said : binding and the entire baath region , and russia 's efforts to improve relations are relatively slow . the process of signing the treaty has witnessed the development of relations between latin america and russia . however , the shadow of history may cause the latvian - russian relations to regress again . he hoped that russia can advance bilateral relations through the latin american treaty as soon as possible .
on 27 march this year , after 10 years of negotiations , binyi prime minister khalvidas and russian prime minister mikhail dakov signed a border treaty between the two countries in moscow .
on 17 may , the latin american parliament passed the latvian - russian border treaty .
according to reports by the media , the russian parliament will conduct a vote on the treaty in the near future .
( international ) dprk , rok to hold sixth ministerial - level talks
pyongyang , july 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government and people are willing to make joint efforts with the united states to promote the development of bilateral relations
the dprk and rok military representatives held talks in panmunjom on 16 june , during which military talks were held , the two sides agreed to hold the sixth ministerial - level talks from 24 to 26 june .
according to the report by the central news agency , dprk military representative che yesotho proposed in his contact with pak chae - soo that the yanping island in the western sea of korea be established between the yaping island and the ba'in islands , and explained in detail its reasons .
he said that the establishment of common zonzanoun must carry out the basic principle of seeking national prosperity and common benefits for the greatest extent and of guaranteeing peace and stability .
park said that china and the united states have had many disputes over the demarcation line , and that in order to prevent military conflicts between the two sides in the western sea , the two sides should give up the sea line they have been adhering to , mutual recognition and respect for each other , and organically combine the relevant agreement between the dprk and rok and the universally recognized legal basis of consultations between the two countries .
he said that timely formulation of military security measures to promote cooperation and exchanges between the dprk and rok is a breach that the dprk military has always insisted on .
he said : the rok side should now take military measures to ensure the dprk 's non - governmental ships can enter the sea from the haizhou port and sail directly from the cheju strait .
this is another major event in the dprk - rok summit following the 10 th of this month .
the fifth round of talks between the dprk and rok was held in panzhiyong , the only way to unify the cabinet between 8 may and 11 may .
( international ) hyundai denied its intention to buy volvo
xinhua news agency , seoul , july 18 , a spokesman for hyundai motor of south korea said in seoul on the 18th that the company had no intention of purchasing any brand of the company , which is under the name of wal - woo or the miniature company .
the sunday times reported that the united states and britain have recently carried reports on possible sales of volvo .
the sunday times reported that the united states has not yet decided to sell the cars to taiwan , but has also said that the hynix auto corporation is a potential player .
the company 's spokesman said : binya is very interested in acquiring wal - feibao or lu fu , but it is busy with implementing its own expansion plan , so it is simply not right to attend to his own experience .
in 1999 , bao si successfully broke out from sweden 's volvo company $ 64.5 - billion .
at present , the wal - woo and luge - pao are all subordinate to the chief automobile group ( xianzhi ) .
in march this year , he was besieged with 8.404 us dollars for sale , but this was only the case of shutoniya tuckyi , under the name of clay , last month .
( sports ) cuba 's caves the rostrum too short
xinhua news agency , rio de janeiro , july 21 ( reporter chen weihua , liang tong )
the cuban delegation visited cuba on 21 november . the current pan - american games boxing t'an was too short , which would affect the performance of the fists .
according to the rules of the international fist federation , the rope of the cattle when they hit the cannons should be 6.1 meters , but according to the cuban team 's boxing team pedro roker 's measurement , the rope of the current pan - american games hit the tvb is one meter short of the standard .
roker said : we have submitted a formal protest to us because this incident is not an incident affecting the health of cuba , but a matter involving all people .
the rope will affect the fists ' lightning action .
he also talked about his condition : if you were talking about it , you could not find a rope that meets the olympic standard , but could go to other places to find it .
as early as we know , we have brought us from cuba .
mexico and colombia also expressed their support for the boxing taibao that day .
columbian fist chuliao dobrius won the first battle , but he said : although beside the battle i won the first match , the hit tower was too narrow , which really made me feel it was not a bit .
the big rabbit milk sugar reopened its exports ;
shanghai , july 24 ( xinhua ) the main reason for the successful convocation of the first session of the 11 th national people 's congress ( npc ) of china 's inland port of shanghai was that the port of shanghai was restored recently , and many overseas parts of china were demanding orders .
the guansheng garden in singapore 's qianjun lin qingrong , a company in shiznan , recently sent a telegram to the group , saying that because singapore 's cornourib and hynix , the testing result of large - buckle milk powder , could be sold in the market and therefore required to tie it into the market .
the guansheng garden , hendeng malaysia , said that it asked guansheng garden to immediately start a big shabby cocaine from shanghai to malaysia .
the guansheng garden was in hong kong 's shangfeng trading company limited . it also sent a telegram to guansheng park , saying that the hong kong food safety centre had collected large boccul dinm samples in hong kong and had proved to be uncredible .
the five - year plan has been approved by hong kong 's china resources corp , which has been restored to sales of big - white cement sugar in hong kong for more than 100 years .
it is understood that the port of xianfeng for a time in shanghai has gradually resumed export of big white cement .
at present , seven containers are in great pernicious condition .
( international ) british column threatened by bomb arrested
london , july 26 ( xinhua ) the british police announced on july 26 that british column fluorescent elizabeth , a criminal suspect who threatened a bombing in britain , was arrested in kristensko on the 23rd in mid - july .
the police said that this person was called diange mike , 51 , and was an unemployed person . he will be blackmailed and fabricated shrapnel .
july 14 ( zhongguo ziyuan ) afternoon , 14 th home in britain , yi zhijie , was attacked by the police because of the bomb threat , and was only restored business in the following day .
hello , citing the british people 's eyes , said that at that time 14 households had closed the door to britain , the biggest suffocation of this great britain , for its sales income .
the british police subsequently threatened the bomb .
( sports ) = = curbing flowers is a good beginning for the beijing olympics , the second quarter of the year .
beijing , july 28 ( xinhua ) the chinese government will host the olympic games next year , and will see bright august , when beijing will become a sea of deep water .
by changing the way of the flowers and other technical means , the scientific research personnel have found a good tactic for increasing the color of the olympics .
on 28 june , in beijing , besieged by the olympic new varieties , selected outstanding products , and conducted examinations and assessment of experts , the conclusion was that adopting new techniques to promote cultivation and cultivation of new technologies , natural and different types of products and varieties of flowers in different periods of summer , and the best result was achieved in august , which was held in beijing .
in beijing 's summer , it usually can only see more than ten grand things that are happening in beijing . most of the poles are out of the country long ago , or they are far from having to be kept in the corn .
after making efforts , the scientific research personnel selected summer olympics 206 types of branches of more than 400 types .
in haidian park in beijing , there was a demonstration of the 2007 olympics , which lasted until the opening of the beijing olympics .
( international ) turkey 's ruling party wins parliamentary election
xinhua news agency , july 30th , by reporter jian wang , turkey 's supreme election committee announced on the 30th the final result of the 23 rd parliamentary election of the turkish supreme election , the ruling party 's justice and development party won 341 seats out of 550 seats , once again obtaining party authority .
on 22 july , the two sides held a parliamentary election in which the opposition party , the republican party , won a seat .
the national action party won 71 seats in the election .
in addition to the three political parties mentioned above , 26 other congressmen were elected .
the new parliament of turkey will hold its first parliamentary meeting in august .
by then , all members of the legislative council will be sworn in and begin to perform their duties .
the parliament will then examine the constitution through the absence of any vote .
the turkish parliament election was originally scheduled to be held in november , but in the presidential election at the end of april , due to opposition parties ' opposition to the only candidate , zuliar , who is the vice premier and foreign minister of the ruling party , was boycotted , which led to the failure of the presidential election , the parliamentary election was ahead of schedule .
