white house urges early dispatch of nuclear inspectors to monitor north korea 's closure of nuclear reactors
the white house today called for the deployment of nuclear inspectors to monitor the closure of its reactors , which was conducted by us president george w. bush and south korean president roh minor after phone conversations .
white house national security council spokesman chea keio said that the two leaders discussed the us - south korea nuclear development in north korea and hoped that the iaea inspectors would return to north korea soon to monitor north korea 's nuclear stoppage and isolation .
chea said the two presidents also expressed concern over the us - south korea free trade agreement signed yesterday , and would make efforts to ensure the approval of the two parliaments .
experts believe that in the past 20 years , p'yongyang has produced plutonium , sufficient to produce 12 nuclear weapons .
us special envoy for six - party talks christopher hill said after last week that he expected the reactor in pyongyang would be closed in mid - july .
43 killed in rainstorm in western india
torrential rainstorms hit western india on weekend , with some areas seriously flooded , and the western metropolitan route across the country was suspended .
rescue officials said today that 43 people were killed by the accident .
the monsoon brought rain from june to september each year often caused india , a country with a population of 1.1 billion , to flood and even cause casualties .
half of those killed in the rainy rain were drowned or killed , while others were catching up because of housing or hunger .
india 's financial center also suffered from its taste .
on 29 june alone , 32 nd , the le 's le mets 43 mills .
the chief executive , basak , said that 13 people died in single poles .
officials from the city government called on citizens to slow down their sleeves and not to go out to protect their own safety .
yesterday , rain was slightly intermittent , and most areas were flooded today .
floods in india die 500
according to official and media reports , the death toll from haze rain has climbed to 40,000 people this year .
" the ultra - indian news trust quoted the government 's head of tukle reconstruction affairs , kadan , revealed today that in the past week various indian provinces have successively entered into the country , with casualties and economic losses from various places and losses . the number of st - la , where the largest city of india , is located , is as many as 300 deaths now .
the report pointed out that qadan made the above remarks to media reporters during his inspection .
he said : at the same time , it is india 's largest cotton producing province , luashtra , which has 27 cities and towns , and its catastrophe has been severely affected by water , and more than 10,000 disaster victims are safely absorbed .
india is moving from the south to the north , and it began to enter into the island one week ago . residents of various provinces , holding a long drought - time gandhi mood to welcome the rainy weather , had not expected that there was an accident .
wimbledon tennessee spiegel knockovic to break in finals
today , spain 's red earth king naux is competing with the hezbolton quarterfinals on the hezbolton , and the champion of the competition george koewich , who could not fight any more because of the injury of the two men , and the two wives , will compete with the world champions of the swiss world , richard fernando , and the french champion in the game .
georgovic won the 16 th and the eight keys in both the match and summoned the defense personnel to treat back and injury . when he was hit in the third set today , he was asked to call security guards to treat him . he could not take any injury and decided to abandon the competition .
the fourth seed kechosovic , which originally was 3 : 6 , compared to 1 st seed , one leading , winner nuts of the second seed .
besides the heat in the early stage of the competition , the nagota was not covered by the tap of the first stage of the game , but the situation of the two matches was both leading .
satellite shows iran 's tunnel to be protected
the us think tank 's science and international security institute reported today that commercial satellites show that iran is currently testing a mountain tunnel near the nakatz uranium enrichment facility , which may be for the purpose of protecting nuclear equipment when it is attacked .
these traces are made of the earth , namely , the richest orbits , on june 11 , and published on the scientific and international security research institute website .
the research institute is located in washington , dc and is a non - profit research organization .
the result shows that the slopes of the nantanz facilities are only covered by the mountain , and the facilities are a uranium enrichment plant .
analysts albright and bryan pointed out in a report that the entries of the tunnel from tangshan were not clear but the road seemed to have been connected to a tunnel facility , and the road could also possibly become a road leading to cht .
they said : the tunnel facilities in the mountain will be developed in a very good way during the air raid .
iran still tough on nuclear talks
the united nations agency of atomic energy ( iaea ) has held talks with iranian officials on thursday to try to resolve the stalemate caused by iran 's nuclear program .
however , iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad has been continuing to resist under the pressure of further sanctions imposed by the united nations .
iran will not stop uranium enrichment , but welcomes this latest talks .
he said : the installation of poles can slow down or accelerate , which is an issue of enforcement , but no one should expect us to give up our rights and we will not stop this trend .
he made the above statement after arriving in heinonen .
the purpose of this trip to haiin is to formulate a set of plans to resolve the issue of the nutrients triggered by iran 's nuclear program .
un freezes uranium enrichment operations because of its lack of uranium enrichment , it has imposed two sets of sanctions on iran .
according to the report of the iranian news agency , haining and anatolia , officials led by the supreme national security council of iran , led by wadi , assistant chairman of the international affairs committee .
the iran nuclear issue is a matter of concern to the international community .
palestinian prime minister fatah will form new government
the palestinian authorities have been implementing a month 's catalysis in the aftermath of the stallion corridor , and prime minister faya resigned temporarily , but immediately took orders from the new government .
minister of agriculture and social affairs khayn told afp that prime minister sheikh fahd submitted his resignation to chairman abbas and the chairman accepted the proposal . he also asked him to be responsible for the new government of the cabinet which is responsible for handling the daily administration of the cabinet .
abbas 's nuke told afp that fassah had proposed his resignation , and abbas ordered him to carry out his current post until his new government .
the respected economist fassard submitted his resignation , but only a procedural resignation , and will not shake his position as prime minister .
fassad has been in the palestinian cabinet since last 17 months to carry out the decision announced by abbas after suffering from hezbollah .
under the basic law of the palestinian autonomous government , no more than 30 days of parliamentary agreement may be reached , but the current parliament of the autonomous government is paralyzed .
the authorization of the emergency government expired today .
wto representatives bring new case to break doha round talks
the main wto negotiators today proposed that the united states substantially cut subsidies to agriculture , and the developing countries substantially cut tariffs on industrial products to break the deadlock in the doha round of trade talks .
the official said that the new model of balancing the agricultural subsidies that the united states allows for each year to reduce from us $ 110 to us $ 200 million , and that the developing countries reduce tariffs on industrial products to below what they are .
the proposal was aimed at breaking the stalemate in the doha round talks over the past six years and bringing about a compromise agreement among wto members .
wto secretary general : these suggestions have reached a balance of vision and have developed into a fair and rational foundation for a fair agreement on development .
lamy said : the contents of the proposal by the nationalist states are not completely satisfied , but the issue of obtaining consensus caused by differences is less than the issue of obtaining consensus .
he called for intensive negotiations in the next few weeks .
japanese auto manufacturers or autos producing strong earthquake effects
japan 's strong earthquake caused a zero shortage of automobiles this week , followed by japan 's toyoshi motor manufacturers such as toyoshi and nissan , said today that they would even suspend domestic automobile production .
japan 's magnitude 6.8 magnitude , toxic automobile inc. was forced to suspend the operation of tokyo 's catalogue prefecture , which affected car production .
the world 's freest car spokesman said that tujia would temporarily suspend production of domestic cars from tonight to 21 .
japan 's daily production spokesman nakagawa said that from the next day until the 23rd , two of the three japanese factories will suspend some production operations and will reassess the situation on the weekend .
he said that both factories had two streams , one of which would be affected , but the company might have to work in turn next month to make up for the backward production progress .
suzuki said that starting tomorrow , partial production and production of the japanese fuji company , which produces the cross truck , will be suspended from tomorrow and will assess the situation on the 21st .
meanwhile , toyota corp , which is expected to suspend part of the cuts in supply next week , will be suspended .
the earthquake killed at least 10 people and injured people , and several hundred houses were forced to stop in the factories in the disaster area .
indonesia cancels sale of british food bags
toshio said today that in view of the earlier rush to buy out in hong kong , indonesia has cancelled the sale of british environmental - friendly bags .
the mega mountain in indonesia 's high - consumer zone , the person in charge of the edu devr store , said : in view of the incidents in hong kong , we have cancelled the activities on the green bags .
if the public had to spend a total of 140,000 rupees ( about nt $ 40,000 ) on the pocket , then it would have no value of that kind .
hk people gathered outside the store on the 6 th to prepare to buy products from britain 's cutta , which has melody , which is not a cushion of flavor , but shoppers refuse to trigger the situation .
this fine product , which seeks environmental protection , is trying to replace its purple , but has become a popular index in london and new york overnight , triggering buying and auctioning sites eavy prices several times the price of zero price .
the only one that has won the right to sell its products to heawdevils says that it is uncertain whether it will be sold after days .
at the time of the hostage crisis , south korea 's direct talks
afghanistan kidnapped 23 south korean hostages and set the deadline for today 's withdrawal from south korea from afghanistan , otherwise they would kill the hostages .
with time expiring in one second , the situation has developed in a positive way , and south korean officials have met today for the first time with organization .
however , at the same time , the organization said that another german hostage was very weak , and started to fall into reality and lose consciousness .
schwarzenegger called on germany and south korea to withdraw from afghanistan and asked them to exchange the 33 guerrillas who were imprisoned by the afghan government .
spokesman omani , in a telephone interview with afp at unknown locations , said : we have gained direct contact with south korean representatives through the tribes .
amadi said : we hope that this round of talks will yield results .
koo : local time ( 2:30 p.m . ) is the deadline , which will start killing south korean hostages in one single day .
the length of the time for the extension of the two degrees has already been extended .
prc article says korean - korean military talks unhappy
because of the division of the maritime boundary , the three - day north - south high - level military talks broke out amid discord today .
in border cities , talks entered the final day of talks today , with north korean chief representative kim jung - chol [ name as transliterated ] stating : we do not need any more such talks without any results .
the face was obviously displeased with kim jung - che , who criticized south korea and deliberately cut new maritime territories to replace the existing northern limit line .
he pointed out that the north line was not legitimate .
the north limit line in the devoured area is the brawl of the us military after the korean war ended in 1953 , but in recent years it has become the focus of the two koreas ' dispute , and north korea has refused to admit it .
north korea said south korea 's invasion of the waters caused tension , which south korea claimed was groundless .
clashes broke out in the local waters in june 1999 , leaving dozens of north korean crew members alone .
similar clashes again broke out in june 2002 , and six south koreans unfortunately died .
the us treasury secretary 's visit to china is a key issue
us treasury secretary powell arrived in china yesterday and the united states is making every effort to persuade china to further carry out the necessary economic reform and environmental protection work , especially the renminbi exchange rate issue that has received much attention .
us diplomats said that powell had visited the qinghai west lake , a major province in northwest china .
china is currently implementing the most serious environmental protection project near the lake xianshui .
borson will leave for beijing today to discuss with chinese officials in charge the dialogue on cross - strait strategic economic dialogue launched last year .
us - china strategic economic dialogue mainly discussed economic environmental protection issues , and the most important thing is the issue of the rmb exchange rate , and us congressmen believe that the rmb is overvalued .
the us - china trade deficit is rapidly growing , and pressure within the united states is gradually rising , and congressmen are preparing to take retaliatory action to resist their so - called china unfair trade policy .
last week , the us senate finance committee passed a bill overwhelming that the treasury department called on the list of countries which recognize the currency exchange rate and its misinterpretation of the national list , thus opening the door for potential economic sanctions against beijing .
us congressmen said that the undervalued renminbi has caused extreme poverty in the price of goods sold to the united states , aggravating the imbalance in us - china trade . the us trade deficit with china has reached 2.5 billion us dollars .
mutentsu : it will leave the football field for 60 years
starting from the beginning , the future of the murray is always a topic of media speculation , but as in the past , the portuguese once again stressed that he would definitely stay in western london this summer .
some newspapers have listed the new handsome of 14 , but i will stay in west , mutiny , where i do .
murray reiterated that he hoped that the portuguese team would be picked up in the day , and that i really wanted to teach me . i believe that the portuguese football association would , for one day , also very much hope to hire me as the master of the player .
however , 44 - year - old moi did not intend to make a contribution to soccer , he said he would retire before the age of 60 , and he did not want to do what he did in the year of bobby , borebertsen and froggesen .
i have promised to my wife that i will not be as good as norbu and frgesen .
myriad , 60 , i want to thoroughly bawn .
i have many things that i cannot do now await me to do something .
i do not want to become a soccer advisor or or a technical director , such as barado or sarkozy .
i do n't want to play such a role .
i do n't want to become a club chairman , i want to do everything about soccer , but mutino stressed .
( qi liang )
wang bing and wang bing from hongsheng village in shanxi 's hongbing , xiaolong , tangxian county were trying the case of " black bricks " ( tuo )
in july , under the concern of the public in society , linfen 's central court , which started its first trial of the guangsheng village of guangfeng county , shanxi province , on the case of wang bing bing 's black kiln , wang bing , in the guanbu county of hongdong county .
many domestic media are watching the progress of this case .
because the local departments concerned were more cautious , some reporters were unable to enter the site to cover the news .
currently , tangerine is still going on .
according to the staff of the linfen city intermediate court , if it is smooth , it is estimated that the trial will end .
however , it is still unknown whether the verdict of the court will be pronounced .
at about 9 : 00 in the morning , reporters noticed the scene outside the gate of linfen city 's intermediate court , and people were quietly quiet and traveling between the streets .
perhaps , they felt that the movement in the court was still on track .
when the time comes , the result is that the law is just .
a elderly man traveling here , looking at the national emblem , tells his own words .
prior to this , information from hongdong county confirmed that the defendant wang bing , father of zhaoxin , former secretary of the cpc branch of zhaoxin village , tuo shengli village , had been dismissed from the qualification of npc deputies in accordance with the law .
earlier , wang dongjing was discovered in the case of wang bing xiaolong 's black kiln case about violation of discipline , and was dismissed from the post of secretary of the village party branch and expelled from the party .
the " shijiazhuang " slaves that were triggered by the criminal brick - shaking case of wang bing 's soldiers once caught attention at home and abroad , and the high - level central authorities issued instructions demanding a strict investigation .
the dprk and the rok reached an agreement on cooperation in the development of light industry and underground resources .
chinanews , july 8 .
the dprk and the rok held a consensus on 7 july on cooperation in the fields of light industry and underground resources development .
under the agreement , the rok will provide the dprk with raw materials for the production of light industrial products such as clothing and other light industrial products , and the dprk will grant some domestic exploitation rights to the rok .
according to a report by the japan delegation , the rok and the dprk have conducted a three - day cooperation in the development of light industry and underground resources in kaesong , and they have held consultations at the panel level and reached an agreement in the end .
under the agreement , south korea will provide north korea with raw materials for producing apparel and heaol , with total value of 90.5 yen .
in this regard , the dprk will grant the three domestic exploitation powers to the rok .
the rok government will take advantage of the opportunity of benchuan port in the western region of july 25 to transport 500 tonnes of contractual goods to the dprk .
according to the plan , starting from 28 july , south korea and north korea have jointly conducted investigations into eastern north korea .
south korean government starts operation of aid program for 400,000 tons of rice to north korea .
while the dprk expressed its willingness to actively implement the agreement reached by the six countries on closing nuclear facilities and other facilities , economic cooperation between the dprk and rok once again became active .
the lanzhou price control bureau explained the price limit for the meat meat , and only the price is too high .
chinanews , july 10 - the chinese communist party has decided to set up a new office in the central government .
this afternoon , the lanzhou bureau of commodity prices invited the relevant departments to hold a forum on the issue of price limit on the meat products .
at the press conference , it was learned that the bureau of control of paper and other departments jointly issued a top price limit , mainly because the price increase of the meat noodle is too large and exceeds the tolerance level of the general population .
it is reported that the beef price increase has risen by 20 percent , and data have been the highest since the early 1980 s when the prices of beef in lanzhou rose for the first time .
" the government 's behavior is to take into consideration the economic capabilities of ordinary residents in the region , and the highest price restriction we have issued is a cost investigation , " said the director of the lanzhou bureau of commodity prices .
on 26 april , the bureau of commodity prices of lanzhou city 's lushang bureau of industry and commerce and the department of health jointly curbed the price of meat products . as soon as the news is revealed , it has aroused strong concern .
it is understood that the forum was aimed at soliciting opinions from all circles and soliciting opinions and suggestions on the concrete management methods for the next step , and it was also disclosed that lanzhou will hold a news conference tomorrow .
this will be the first meeting of lanzhou city on the matter of rising the naked price of beef .
imposing fines on the china regional development council : stopping activities for three months
on july 11 , chinanews . com . cn . com . cn . cn . on july 9 , taibei prefecture council decided to suspend activities for three months .
the punishment order shows that the china regional development association has the following illegal acts : ultra - du - du - ray collecting fees ; 2 nd xinduai used tap to collect other fees from non - member units .
according to investigations , the number of red cross members in each unit is 2,1,000 yuan per year . from june to february 2007 , the average number of red cross members who pleaded with more than 20 units . except one individual who collected 21,000 yuan from each member , the remaining one collected tuition from yuan to yuan , and the remaining 80 000 yuan from tujia to yuan each , and the other seriously violated the relevant regulations .
according to article 33 of the " regulations on registration and management of social organizations , " the stipulation of paragraph 1 , item ( 8 ) of article 33 of the " regulations on registration of social organizations " shall be stopped for three months and shall be sealed up for the purpose of keeping relevant articles such as those in question .
the rok government hopes to speed up the process of denuclearization on the peninsula through six - party talks
chinanews , july 12 - according to a report by rok 's associated press , the rok government is welcome to the head meeting of the delegation to the six - party talks , which will begin on the 18th in beijing .
a spokesman for the ministry of foreign affairs and trade of the republic of korea ( rok ) said on 12 may that at this meeting of the heads of the delegations of the six - party talks , it is hoped that the talks will be held at an early date and the concrete and substantive plan for the six - party talks will be held at the meeting of foreign ministers of the six parties , thus quickening the process of denuclearizing the korean peninsula .
the commentary also said : as the core of the dprk nuclear issue , our government will provide a foundation for the rapid and successful realization of a nuclear - free korean peninsula , and will cooperate closely with the countries concerned in this regard .
officials revealed that the number of countries and regions that are expected to be the largest number of participating countries and regions in the beijing olympics
chinanews , july 16 .
xinhua news agency reports that wang shilin , vice minister of international department of the beijing olympic organizing committee , revealed on the 14th that the beijing olympic organizing committee will send out an invitation to the international olympic committee 's 205 member olympic committee to participate in the olympics .
he said : if it is not unexpected , the beijing olympics will become the largest olympic games in history in countries and regions .
the report said : from 10 to 12 february , wang shilin , on behalf of the beijing olympic organizing committee , briefed the panamanian sports association on the progress of the beijing olympics . among them , the construction of highways including tuxosan road and the construction of highways will affect majestic .
wang shilin said : the countries and regions of the pan - us sports organization have displayed great enthusiasm for participating in the beijing olympics . all 42 members have confirmed that they will attend the olympic committee delegation heads ' meeting of the ioc delegations to be held in beijing next month .
it is understood that at the meeting , the international olympic committee will , together with the beijing olympic organizing committee , officially invite the international olympic committee 's 205 member olympic committee to participate in the zhaoshao olympics .
( gao peng , yang limin )
wang yan 's condition improved , " insisting on " sitting on the bench 's upper limb muscles restoring ' two levels '
wang yan has already been able to sit on the stool , but she cannot feel dizzy about her long time . yesterday , wu xiqin , director of zhejiang sports center , told reporters ,
before this , the injury of wang yan in the competition continued to improve , among which lexonright muscles recovered over 10 days ago , and two - grade ones were compared to each other more than 10 days ago .
in the month , wang yan 's disease is from the six hospitals in shanghai , when switching to the special need ward for the disease ward , her right upper limb muscle is 2 to 3 , and left upper muscle is 1 .
nearly half a month later , wang yan 's upper limb muscle has been further improved .
doctor : wang yan 's muscle has reached four degrees , only five degrees lower than normal .
in other words , in less than half a month , wang yan 's upper limb muscles have resumed matches .
wang yan was able to get a piece of the bed with the help of a doctor .
hospital rehabilitation experts originally planned to allow wang yan to be released on a medical basis at the end of last week .
however , in light of wang yan 's current recovery , the guandi rehabilitation training had to be temporarily postponed .
wu xiqin said that wang yan 's current training is mainly based on the flakes , and she can sit on the bench , but the time is still not too long . ( reporter wang xuan )
venezuelan president says big cut in civil service wages
chinanews , july 23 - roundup : venezuelan president nuhouer gave a speech on venezuela 's internal and foreign policies on july 22 .
he said that substantial reduction in the wages of senior civil servants was made .
he also said that if foreigners in venezuela attack the venezuelan government , they will face serious consequences and be expelled .
the bones has ordered government officials to closely monitor the remarks made by foreigners during their visit to venezuela , and found that anyone openly criticizing him or the venezuelan government would expel him .
in a televised speech on the evening of 22 may , he said : venezuela cannot tolerate foreigners running to their homes to show their hands and feet .
in his speech , he also pointed out that the government would substantially cut the wages of senior civil servants .
he said that venezuela 's civil service pay should not exceed the us dollar per month .
it is reported that the monthly income of some poor people in venezuela is equivalent to us dollars .
the action in latin american countries to reduce civil service salaries has become a common practice and has won the support of the broad masses of the people .
leaders of countries such as peru and kansai have reduced their salaries .
" also said that cuban leader castro reminded him of the actions commanded by the united states .
he said that carter rodro had presented him a copy of the memoir written by former director of the us central bureau , asking him to look at the secret of various kinds of melody of the central intelligence agency .
hearing on cross - strait espionage case concluded yesterday , temporary punishment for cross - strait
last night , beijing time , the international automobile movement council held a special hearing on the falala technology espionage case in paris , and the summoned maikai skull escaped a robbert : the council decided not to impose penalties on mai kai for the time being .
the official internet of the international federation of automotive companies issued a statement after the hearing , saying that ultra - paul maikay had secret information about valries , but there was no sufficient evidence to show that these data were improperly used in the international ufa - grade competition , which would not be meted out .
however , the french technology espionage case has not mentioned this .
the council also indicated in the decision : if we discover the fauli information in the future , it will be used in the championships . we reserve the right to request the kay to retreat the council of automobile movement council for hearing . at that time , they may face the punishment of the 2007 , even 2008 , qualification of participating in the competition .
the former head of the bronze ship mike koug , who has been suspended from his post , was found to have held nearly 800 pages of technical documents , including the design of the ferrari larli rarli rarli rover , the design of the valleys of the ram 2007 , etc. testing of the series of sep development and operation .
maikai , california before the convoy was halted , no other people knew about this information . maikai 's rotary club did not have any magnitude .
( wang yuan )
experts believe that insurance , um , short - term , there will not divert the domestic stock market funds .
chinanews , july 30 .
according to a report by china securities news , the " provisional measures on foreign investment management of insurance funds " was promulgated recently , and insurance funds have more room for use on the capital market .
china 's top investment official liu lefei believes that the appreciation of the rmb and the improvement of the domestic capital market will not allow insurance institutions to invest overseas on a large scale in the short term through foreign exchange purchase . this also means that insurance , in the short term , will not divert domestic stock markets .
the report said that many insurance institutions hold the same view .
experts said that since there is no renminbi 's market , insurance institutions do not have sufficient means to avoid danger , so the time for large - scale procurement of foreign exchange is not ripe .
liu lefei said : in terms of asset allocation over a long period of time , foreign investment should occupy a certain proportion in the overall allocation of insurance companies .
however , in view of the current relatively large pressure on the rmb appreciation , china will mainly make use of its foreign exchange funds to make investments overseas .
in the present circumstances , we should be cautious with respect to foreign investment in foreign exchange purchase .
( shang kun )
china 's bengbu loss in 2005 - 5 billion yuan flood control
this reporter has learned from the national general headquarters for flood prevention and drought control that the 181 million mu of tangshan mountain in the whole country had been affected by the disaster , of which 1.14 million mu were affected , with a population of 1.11.15 million , 652 people died due to the disaster , and 45.5 billion yuan in direct economic losses .
drought - stricken areas across the country are 1.4 - billion mu , and there are nuts from the supply of natural gas , with each of the ills suffering from a big drought .
in july , the national flood prevention and drought control headquarters made emergency arrangements in light of the current grim situation in flood prevention and drought control .
it called on all provinces along the huai he and the headquarters for flood prevention to strengthen the gas field , intensify water conservation , and seize comprehensive victory .
the national general headquarters of flood prevention and drought control and other departments have dispatched three work teams to guide flood prevention and drought control work in the daxian - rim areas .
currently , work on flood prevention is proceeding in an intense and orderly manner , and normal operation is also being undertaken in xiahong 's xinhe , henan 's anhui province 's three provinces of jiangsu 's sampans are on the side of the sine .
no major risk .
in accordance with the plan , provinces including guangdong and shandong have started the anti - drought emergency response , and the drought work is being carried out in an intense and orderly manner .
( by reporter zhao yongping )
chen shui - bian secretly criticized judicial intervention in elections the " judicial yuan " denied and asked for an explanation .
chinanews , july 1 chen shui - bian questioned judicial personnel on the 30th attempting to get involved in the election of leaders in the taiwan region .
taiwan 's supreme judicial council executive : kao tzu [ name as transliterated ] said on the same day that the current performance of the island 's judges is not in keeping with what chen shui - bian said and that he has asked chen shui - bian to explain his statement .
according to taiwan 's " ci " report , chen shui - bian questioned prosecutors or investigators on 30 may , considering political factors or elections , and even trying to influence the campaign activities of candidates of various parties in taiwan , saying that he hoped that this phenomenon will not exist in taiwan , but it is very difficult .
in view of chen shui - bian 's suspicion , the court president of the le le yue yue sheng did not respond , secretary general fan kuang , and the higher judicial council representative , spoke on cross - strait judicial affairs .
gao jinzhi said : the basic law and code of conduct for judges from taiwan , the illiteracy assertions , that judges should go beyond the party , must not be allowed to run political parties , and judges are very cautious in observing the relevant controls and believe that judges from the judicial institute will do very good work .
gao jinzhi pointed out : the judge of the kaohsiung high division of the kaohsiung branch zhang shengxi attended the school course of keidagan several years ago , which was decided by the self - discipline committee , which was composed of judges because of the color of the relevant curriculum .
at one time , zhang shengxi wanted to participate in the dpp 's competition for the dpp , but decided to give up the party because of his election .
gao jinzhi said : if it is a trial case for a particular case , it can not rely solely on the outcome of the verdict to win . it is an indication that judges have different political intentions .
germany to reduce entry requirements for professional talent
the first batch of the pla navy 's first batch of missile defense ( mln ) ,
german education and scientific research minister shawaki said a few days ago that germany should lower the restrictions on the introduction of foreign professionals in " the law " and , by introducing foreign talents , solve the problem of professional talent in germany .
according to the oecd report , the number of labor force from 15 to 64 will be reduced year by year .
if there is no sufficient immigration , then the labor force in 20nakshev will be reduced by 6-0 percent .
however , the german employers ' federation and german engineers association have reported that currently in germany 's labor market , engineers with specialties are more skilled .
according to the statistics of the federal labor bureau of germany , in may this year , the supply of necessities for engineers in the german labor market was approximately 127 million , and the supply of technicians was about 9,600 .
in order to protect the employment of its own people , germany has set a relatively high threshold for introducing foreign talent .
germany 's " kiln law " stipulates that professional personnel of non - eu countries are not less than 85,000 euros in germany , otherwise they cannot be allowed to work and live in germany .
he suggested lowering this limit to the euro to the earth .
the theory of superstition and legal
the " lawyer law " revised article 8 of the recently submitted draft law to the npc standing committee stipulates : those who have engaged in teaching on law and other professional work , who have high academic levels or similar professional standards , and who have applied for lawyers to carry out their duties may be granted the approval of the judicial administration departments of the state council .
( 28 june , " china 's " )
there are theoretical parties and nonlinear relations in the law , which mainly include legal teaching and research work .
for a long time , there exists a mystery among people in the theoretical circle and among people in the field of spiritual civilization , and the theory of cross theory believes that the actual field lacks necessary kindness and the need for undertaking is only mechanized .
the law can do something to maintain such differences in division of labor , but it should not support any party .
however , the tumultuous lawyer law objectively recognizes the theoretical circle that lags behind the law , and its judgment is that the legal profession is more polite than the actual law .
in fact , some theories that are engaged in the research of pure theory and teaching , such as the international laws of legal systems , and their theoretical depth and actual performance are also in varying degrees with legal practice .
in this case , the tumultuous system of ours has undoubtedly opened a very poor foundation for the qualifications of the legal profession .
superstitions in theoretical circles are not limited to these , such as experts and experts ' arguments will frequently affect or even reject court verdicts , and this is also a direct expression of such superstition .
encourage chinese - funded vessels to hoist their navigation lines
staff reporter feng lei
at the state council 's briefing , it was learned that , starting 1 july this year , china will implement the policy of registration of international shipping special cases involving chinese - invested shipping companies flying outside flags and encourage chinese - funded vessels flying back to china to register and sail back to china .
in order to further promote the healthy development of china 's maritime industry and increase the country 's turbidity , the ministry of communications has issued a circular on the issue of the registration of ships outside the country and the hoisting of foreign vessels in international navigation industry . the ministry of communications recently issued a notice on the ocean shipping policy of china mainland shipping special project . the ministry has clearly defined the conditions and procedures for applications for vessels receiving special cases .
the ship can choose shanghai 's dalian port to register ships .
britain cuts terrorist attack
xinhua news agency , london , july 5 th , by reporter lin guo
british government 's horse attacks fall from top level to serious level , which indicates that the terrorist attacks in britain will not occur , but the attacks are still very likely to be terrible .
the british police have now transferred the scope of the investigation to india and australia .
the eight suspects arrested were working in the medical system , and the government will take a clear and comprehensive assessment of the background of those who have entered the medical system .
it is understood that there are nearly sturachers working in the british public medical system who are receiving medical qualifications overseas .
prime minister sukuni also asked to investigate the background of high - tech immigrants , and employers or related organizations will be asked to provide information on the background .
let 's watch out for the traders .
the tourism chart is a relaxed nut , the natural landscape , and the fruits of social civilization to the greatest extent .
but in china , many people have encountered such a kind of annoying , and are being surrounded by dealers and dealers as intermediary business .
whether it is automobiles or trains , trucks always have to face the death of small traders and some unverified intermediaries .
it is not selling taoist bakery , which is selling newspapers and periodicals , and many of them are not testified to intermediary references such as catering , or even pump .
if you do n't accept it , he can chase you several hundred meters , and if you are very successful , you will be able to get into good shape .
many of these have the same feelings in some wind and flavors .
before we enter the door , there are people who are somewhat like tourism and something like minor ones .
after entering the door , this situation will be even more serious . no matter how good yarxing is , he is still being stirred up and uneasy .
some media reported that many foreign tourists visiting xian are not despicable to xian 's monuments , but they are not unhappy about allowing the hull of small - sized commercial hawks to sell everywhere .
these include the nuts of the stations , the ones that are from the ones that are from the ones , the areas that are in an orderly and orderly manner , and the environment of harmony among the bodies of the breeds .
the free nuts of dealers and dealers , not to mention the confusion , objectively destroyed these public order , and created pollution and environmental pollution . at the same time , it also provided the conditions and opportunities for the contamination .
what is important is that these local flavors are the windows of the building of spiritual civilization , but what they see is not only the issue of image , but also the impact on local economic development .
just think , if you want to become a big and strong tourist industry , then you can use this kind of chaotic tourism environment to welcome the guests coming from the south to the north . who will come and who will dare to come ?
how do you obtain benefits from your tourism economy ?
with the arrival of the peak tourist season , it will create a civilized tourism environment for tourists from the southern part of the world . it should be said that the task of the moment is very urgent .
the bubbles are not the markets , the operation of small business hawkers should be standardized , and operations without a license should be resolutely cancelled , and illegal activities should be resolutely cracked down .
only by allowing the people to feel happy and go with it and reinvigorating it in an orderly and civilized environment can a country be prosperous .
in one word , let 's get trouble from the business dealers .
the unwillingness to retreat and protect themselves is not enough
jiandu street in dongcheng district of beijing municipality has supplemented electrical products and other items as rewards to 12 low - guaranteed families on its own initiative .
( " xin jing bao " july 10 )
i am glad to see the improvement of the living conditions of these families , but the wording of the le - ups on the one hand and the practice of giving incentive to others are also complex .
jiaoxing street office deputy director said that targeting such problems as fraud and low protection , encouraging active refund is an example of serving other low - income households .
if these examples are to encourage other people with minimum subsistence allowances to extricate themselves from difficulties through their own efforts , then it is indeed worth advocating , and if these people who have been serving their kindness for a long time to gain low protection by swindling them by means of stimulating them , they are not somewhat naive .
in the work of differentiating and clearing away tumors , the law is more dependent on the household .
departments concerned should strengthen the responsibility of the minimum guarantee families when enjoying the minimum guarantee : they should report in a timely manner the changes in family personnel and income , report on employment situation , and accept periodic reexamination , while the departments concerned should intensify supervision and inspection .
after all , it is only a long - term strategy to reverse its promise .
the streets reward families who are given with refunds , who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who
as a first - class government organization , the street 's expenditures are borne by fiscal appropriations .
the money of a taxpayer should not be spent ?
on the one hand , the withdrawal from the low - income families proves that they have a certain degree of self - sufficiency , and on the other hand , do n't those who apply for low - income insurance still exist ?
the government 's financial appropriations , known as the life - saving money , should be provided with charcoal in the snowy weather rather than added flowers .
liu gangyi 's willingness to serve as a service provider is more important
on 10 july , the first locality in the country to directly select the yangzi town of xindu district , liu gang , accepted democratic slump for the fourth time after taking office , and the rate of satisfaction reached 97.7 percent .
in the talks between reporters and liu gangyi , liu gangyi defined himself as a catalyst .
( yesterday 's " xin jing bao " )
liu gang - yi 's serving people may be more than those who appoint cadres on the system , and more realistic than those who serve those under the system .
the largest tumors in the system of direct election lies in the fact that the former is mainly decided by ordinary party members , and the latter is mainly appointed by the higher - level organizations , and the source of power . this determines that the former must put the responsibility to the people first .
the source of power and the responsibility to whom the decision is made are the fundamental factors for the successful candidate to carry out his work .
some people doubt such a kind of democracy , but it is more like a kind of democratic show .
my view is that there are such a kind of democratic slump , which is better than not .
considering the history and current situation of china 's grassroots democratic political construction , i believe that direct public election is a major breakthrough , and democracy is an important component of this kind of democratic system , which should not be underestimated in promoting the building of grassroots democratic politics .
india is expected to select first female presidential analyst , which says it is quite likely to be elected , and female voters hope to raise women 's status
on 23 june , pavachu was in front of the presidential candidate document .
the curtain opened on the indian presidential election on the 19th . the new president will be elected in the name of sergei shah kawat and the state of rajasthan state , which was resigned not long ago .
parkins is the first female presidential candidate in indian history . if she is elected , she will become india 's first female president .
pawn is the presidential candidate of the ruling national congress party , while shakwart comes from the opposition party 's people 's party .
because the congress party holds the advantage in the presidential election , the media and the people are all concerned about the possibility of being elected .
the 72 - year - old pawachi is a female governor of rajasthan state .
her lawyers , friends , and experienced in the parliament , are experienced in the parliament , and she was influenced by the government 's tujia - stani state .
she also devoted herself to social welfare , and was the honorary chairman of many cultural cuts and social welfare organizations .
analysts pointed out that parachute became a candidate because she has been consistently promoted to the chairmanship of india 's national congress party .
in india , the gandhi family has been in control of the ruling congress party for a long time .
parawah was popular with a large number of female voters , and voters believe that pawn will continue to develop the image of women in india , which discriminates against women .
the constitution stipulates that india is a federal state , and the president is a head of state and a general administration in the name of the president . it does not represent any party organization . more importantly , it is a symbol .
yan yingguan
us supports palestinian government 's expulsion of extremists
the air force of the air force of the pla ( pla ) has been conducting a special training exercise in the past few days .
us president bush said on 21 may that the united states will fully support the pakistani government 's move to catch up with al-qaeda and extremists from the border between pakistan and afghanistan .
in a weekly broadcast speech on that day , bush said that according to the new us intelligence information base , tap organizations in pakistan and afghanistan found the regions of safety and termopsy .
he expressed his worry about this .
bush said that the united states will continue to support pakistani president musharraf and believe that the united states will persist in fighting between its bases and militants .
the " national intelligence assessment " report recently published by the united states points out that muslim militarization organizations are particularly taste - threatening to the united states .
in september last year , mashariqov and some tribes in the northern part of pakistan reached agreements on preventing the activities of the rival parties and the jiao foundation members .
these tribes are willing or lack the ability to maintain security in the region .
in his speech on the early recording of the incident , bush said that musharraf is taking positive steps to correct this mistake .
us hopes to fully implement dprk nuclear agreement
the xinhua news agency , washington , july 24 th , by reporter qisheng xu
us assistant secretary of state for nuclear development dprk chief representative christopher hill said on 23 august that the six - party talks on the korean nuclear issue held last week were very important and that real progress was made for the first time , but this was only initial action for implementing the agreement .
the united states very much hopes that the " joint statement of september 19 " and the " joint document of february 13 " on resolving the dprk nuclear issue can be implemented comprehensively .
" we are very much concerned about the possibility of a complete solution to the korean nuclear issue , " he said at a press conference .
he expressed the hope that all parties concerned will fully fulfill the consensus reached at the six - party talks on the dprk nuclear issue within one year .
hill also said that while holding security and energy talks , the us - dprk and japan - dprk working group will also discuss respectively the issues awaiting solution in bilateral relations between japan and the united states .
climate change has led to the rapid reduction of the glacier of albert glacier
in july , geneva , ( reporter liu jun )
the glacier experts of the swiss academy of sciences have tracked the research and discovered that between 1850 to 1850 , the remaining glacier of swiss glacier is shrinking at an average annual rate of 300,000 .
the nuts of the horns have caused the catastrophic melting of 1.8 percent .
experts believe that if global temperature increases 3 , glacier will be smaller than now , and five snow - covered areas will completely wipe out if the global temperature rises in 2110,000 .
allawi 's glacier is the longest of europe 's glacier and is listed as the world 's natural heritage list of the un organization . by 2006 , it shrunk 100 meters , protecting food and drink into melody .
the 23 - kilometer - long amelicy glacier in the picture .
photo by liu jun .
various parts of the beijing olympics have proposed : as civilized consumers
the beijing , 30 july by our staff reporter
reporter liang jie learned from the china consumer association that after the countdown on the first anniversary of the opening of the 29 th olympic games , beijing consumer association , shanghai consumer association , shanghai consumer association , consumer protection committee of shanghai municipality , consumer rights and interests protection council of shanghai municipality , consumer association of sampan , incisiac , incp , and consumer council of hong kong , sent a proposal to consumers : we , with our own , urban , polite , polite harmony ,
the proposal pointed out : from our side , we should strengthen our awareness of the humane olympics , our knowledge of etiquette , our civilization , our practice of civilization , and our society 's observation of civilization .
enhance the awareness of the green olympics , protect the ecological environment , cherish the coupled with positive efforts to promote sustainable consumption , and become consumers advocating green consumption .
establish a sense of diligence and frugality , change consumption concepts , make blind comparisons , oppose extravagance and waste , and become rational consumers with scientific consumption concepts ;
we should enhance the awareness of consumer rights protection , take the initiative to participate in social supervision , consciously respect intellectual property rights , correctly understand rights and obligations , and be consumers who act reasonably according to law .
advocate the spirit of harmony and positive participation , propagate the olympic ideal , and become the propagator of the olympic spirit .
" police company " celebrates hong kong 's return
on 1 july , the baidu temple in nanjing jing hai temple was again sounded and melted .
this heavy historical echo is directed at the mainland , hong kong and nanjing residents and the compatriots in hong kong , jointly celebrating the 10 th anniversary of hong kong 's return to the motherland .
on july 1 , ten years ago , the sky over the bell building of the jinghai temple in nanjing shawned back 155 alarm bell , which is the insulb of the history of the island of hong kong island .
the party 's works are not big enough , but people from all walks of life in nanjing society have gathered together . they said that the bell of this policeman that is lumping through itself should always be warned and foolish .
the number of waiters is 1.842 meters , and the outbreak of the " nanjing treaty " in 1842 was the time for the outbreak .
standing 1.997 meters on the shoulders , but the prince is the watermelon of hong kong 's return .
the planning and cast of the police bell wang fengling explained that the five cankies around the sun of the five human bodies and the red - colored bell were sculpated with high - floating sculptures , two dragon - throng balls , which symbolized that hong kong was the oriental pearl of the motherland , the last flower of the motherland , and that the meihua of nanjing city was used as the symbol of the bell of
the first democratic party who proposed the construction of the police bell in those years spoke to the magic sense of eastern origin , namely , hong kong 's flavor , who had been in hong kong for 10 years , and hoped that hong kong would be as if it were like the one in which the one would shine and the one would have been so bright that it would not have been isolated .
( end ) ( zhu xiaoying and liu yang )
russian security agency accuses olessible differentiated monarchy of " conspiracy to incite "
the russian oligarchy in london , berezovsky 's lawyer borowkov , announced on 2 july that the russian federal security bureau has formally brought a new charge against his litigant , accusing himself of the plotting of the country 's awaiting national awaiting , attempting to seize the russian regime by violence .
borowkov pointed out that in his interview with the british newspaper " guardian " in april this year , berezovsky was preparing to launch the cereals in russia , confirming that he had provided financial support to the right - wing elite who opposed the authorities ' policy .
the russian federal security bureau 's reconnaissance bureau immediately followed clause 278 of the " russian federal criminal code " clauses on violence and catapulty . in recent days , it formally filed a relevant charge with the moscow sarvili court .
it is understood that in february 2006 , the russian federation procuratorate already filed a criminal case charge against him . based on the same fact that he was also an exile , he confirmed that he was trying to seize the russian government by force .
because of his consistently going into exile abroad , he could not be extradited . in january 2007 , russia temporarily suspended the investigation of the case .
on 2 july , moscow 's sarvili court began to try another criminal case of the oligarchy . the russian general procuratorate accused berezovski of swallowing the russian airline company 214 million ruble in funds and washing 16 million rubles . after hearing the decision , the court decided to postpone the investigation into the court on 12 july . this will be the defendants ' lawyers of the designated state .
the two arguments that these are actually coupled with poles , and specifically forbids their own lawyers from participating in such activities .
( bi yuan )
guangxi 's guan coupled with administrative efficiency supervision : 619 persons investigated
since the beginning of this year , various departments in guangxi have launched activities to change the work style of cadres and to strengthen administrative efficiency , and implemented the " three systems " and the system of investigating and handling responsibility under the " responsibility system " ; and the 33 key examination and approval departments directly under the autonomous region have been included in the administrative efficiency supervision network .
so far , 619 people have been investigated for their responsibility .
on 5 april , this reporter learned from the discipline inspection committee of the autonomous region that the regional administrative efficiency supervision network has initially taken shape in guangxi 's baidu county , which has established a network for monitoring work on administrative efficiency of the autonomous region . supervision on posts of key departments should be strengthened . the electronic supervision system of 14 cities should be completely linked to the network .
the autonomous region 's electronic supervision system directly linked to the 33 autonomous region - - which is directly involved in the production and life of the investment environment and the masses , and further standardized the examination and approval behavior and improved the efficiency of examination and approval .
at the same time , discipline inspection and supervision organs at all levels in guangxi have strictly investigated and verified 1/00 cases involving work style damage to the interests of the masses . so far , they have investigated and verified 1/00 cases , and concluded 769 cases , and held accountable to 619 units .
ma jiu , member of the standing committee of the party committee 's discipline inspection committee , said on 5 may that supervision of administrative efficiency is a work that accompanies administrative activities and should gradually form a long - acting mechanism .
guangxi must further improve and standardize various types of foods in administrative management , establish and improve the work mechanism and safeguard mechanism for supervising administrative efficiency , bring efficiency supervision into the orbit of institutionalization , further standardize the supervision and inspection procedures , improve the mechanism for examining and handling complaints and the mechanism for evaluating performance of efficiency , increase the intensity of accountability , and ensure the implementation of the system of accountability of responsibility and the system of time - setting rules .
china 's top legislator wu bangguo met here friday with a delegation of the national people 's congress ( npc ) from the republic of korea ( dprk ) .
nato does not rule out cooperation with the united states on the abm issue
nato 's news agency , simon dermanso , said in an exclusive interview with xinhua on 9 may that it would not rule out the possibility of linking the us antimissile system with nato 's own defense systems .
simona de manusa said that nato is currently studying the us anti - missile program and hopes that the scope of us anti - missile bases will cover all european allies .
nato has its own theater missile defense system and has started discussions on the establishment of a strategic missile defense system , linking the us anti - missile system with the nato 's self - defense system , she said .
she also said that the issue of the us establishing an anti - missile system in europe will be discussed by nato in a timely manner with russia through various channels .
china 's top legislator wu bangguo met here thursday with a delegation of the national people 's congress ( npc ) from the republic of korea ( dprk ) .
two jordanian sentenced for planning attacks on americans
two jordanian men were arrested on 11 november by the jordanian national security court for planning an attack on americans in jordan .
both of them were men 's 25 - year - old man , mile ho tauri , who was sentenced to eight years ' imprisonment plus compulsory labor , while another person , heeda , was sentenced to three years ' imprisonment plus mandatory insignia .
the court official said that huta lane was also accused of illegal holding of methaquatic products , and the police discovered a submachine gun when searching his heat .
the court originally decided to sentence hoita to life imprisonment , but later considered giving him a chance to change from heawer to another chance , which would be reduced for eight years .
the indictment said that the two defendants decided to provide the awesome muslims who suffered from the humiliation of the american people after the outbreak of the iraq war , and therefore planned to attack the americans living in jordan .
in august 2006 , they had a red cross living in andman , capital of jordan , but were arrested by police before the attack .
the indictment did not make public the identity of the american .
the indictment also accused the two defendants of planning to attack other americans , but did not disclose details .
china 's top legislator wu bangguo met here thursday with a delegation of the national people 's congress ( npc ) from the republic of korea ( dprk ) .
the report on the adverse reaction of diabetes has increased substantially .
according to a report by the us media on the 15th , the number of reports on bad reactions such as the heart disease triggered by the anti - diabetes drug , wenya , etc. , has recently increased sharply in the united states .
the us food and drug administration issued a safety warning last may , proposing that diabetes be cautious in writing , because scientists suggested in a journal " new methamphetamine " published on 21 may that this kind of salvage drug will greatly increase the incidence of heart disease and its incidence .
therefore , wendiya 's experience has received close attention from doctors and patients .
statistics show that about one month after the issue of safety warning , the us drug administration received 357 indecent reactions , of which 38 were fatalities .
in january and february this year , the drug administration received only 50 and 73 bad reactions reports .
these bad reactions are light of the bubble and are heavy to sudden death of heart disease .
however , the drug experts of the us drug administration believe that it is still too early to reach the conclusion that dia is insafe .
the drug administration will hold a hearing on wendi 's + symphony on july 30 .
in 1999 , the hydraulic disyaca was a pancreas increasing agent and applied to therapeutic .
there are about 6 million diabetes patients in the world who have taken or are taking wendia .
the british gruesome company has always believed that wendiya is safe and has great advantages for patients .
us wants to resume middle east peace talks
us president bush delivered a speech in washington on 16 april , calling for holding an international conference on the palestine - israel issue this fall to invite israel 's neighboring arab countries and other relevant countries to join in the rebuilding of the middle east peace process .
on 17 may , bush also called egyptian president mubarak 's zonori and king mubarak , respectively , asking them to actively respond to the proposal and support abbas , chairman of the palestinian national authority , with practical action , to help palestine and israel resume peace talks as soon as possible .
abbas said the central committee of the palestinian liberation organization ( plo ) will discuss the early election
palestinian national authority chairman abbas said on 18 april in ramallah that the palestinian liberation organization ( plo ) central committee held its two - day meeting on the same day , and that the meeting will discuss issues such as holding the palestinian national authority and the election of the legislative council ahead of schedule .
abbas met with eu foreign and security officials in the office of the president of ramallah that day and said at the subsequent joint press conference that if the plo central committee makes relevant decisions , the president has the right to issue a legal , powerful order for the al , which will be issued soon .
meanwhile , abbas was satisfied with the relations between the palestinian national authority and the european union .
he said : the palestinian side welcomes the european union 's understanding of the measures taken by the palestinian president 's office .
abbas urged the eu to continue providing humanitarian aid to the palestinian people in gaza .
heath reiterated the eu 's support for abbas and the palestinian people .
he said : regarding the middle east issue , the united nations , america , and russia will hold a meeting on 19 july to discuss the issue of starting the middle east peace process . the proposal may be put forward in the following few days .
toyota said the eu takes a positive attitude toward the deployment of international troops in gaza , but it still needs to discuss with other parties , especially with the un .
wang zhaoshu , director of the state administration of industry and commerce ,
jiangxi will present awards to health professionals in rural areas for 30 years
for a long time , a large number of people with professional health skills have contributed to grassroots public health undertakings and the health of peasants .
jiangxi province recently decided to carry out experiments in rural public health with rural health technicians who have been engaged in rural health work for 30 years .
according to the jiangxi provincial health department , the number of people engaged in medical specialty and above in medical specialty in public health in townships and towns , who have secondary specialized medical education or above and primary medical skills , and who are specialties of professional medical skill at or above the rank of health , should all workers of the blood - defenses group or mafeng - like health - related professional and technical personnel who have worked in township hospitals for 30 years or longer , be in the area of
the final calculation time for the first batch was the end of july .
in addition to offering awards to rural public health professionals who meet the requirements , jiangxi province has honored its honorary experience in rural public health work for 30 years , and has also given priority consideration and appropriate preferential treatment to local laboratories in examination of local examinations .
high - grade professional examination solitary tests , with the actual ability being the mainstay , the evaluation of research and research conditions being appropriately relaxed , the condition of competition for careers being exempted , and the degree of qualification being given priority .
the jiangxi provincial health department will arrange for leave on a certain number of vacations each year and provide a certain amount of funds to subsidize them .
beginning this year , jiangxi province will carry out a three - year rewarding project in rural areas where honorary achievements have been awarded in jiangxi province .
china 's top legislator wu bangguo met here monday with a delegation of the national people 's congress ( npc ) from the republic of korea ( dprk ) .
the us defense department reconsidered the plan to cut down us troops in europe
a us defense department official said on 23 may that due to the changes in the iraq war and the world situation , the us defense department is reconsidering plans to cut the number of us troops stationed in europe by half .
the us media quoted an official from the defense department as saying that because the iraq war is still going on and relations between the united states , russia and iran deteriorate , the defense department sets out questions on the feasibility of reducing european troops stationed there .
at that time , secretary of defense rumsfeld announced that the united states will shift the number of troops stationed in europe from originally 11.05 to 7.05 people before 2012 to build a new military with fewer but fewer troops .
at present , the total number of us troops stationed in europe and the united states has dropped to saturation .
however , in june this year , john howard , commander of the us european command , submitted a report to the current defense minister , raising questions about the plan .
the report said that while cutting military strength , many of the us troops in europe were transferred to iraq and afghanistan , resulting in shortage of personnel among us troops in europe and being unable to cooperate normally with the european allies .
the report proposes a halt to the us military plans to be stationed in europe .
according to the us experts , the above phenomenon shows that the iraq war has dragged on for a long time to disrupt the original adjustment of the us military .
china 's top legislator wu bangguo met here thursday with a delegation of the united nations secretary general kofi annan .
traffic safety movie launched in shandong 's jiaozhou city to go into communities
qingdao , july 26 ( reporter song xuechun and zhongliang ) .
in order to further deepen the transportation of cities , coupled with three fetters , enhance the awareness of the rule of law in transportation and traffic safety among the vast number of residents , from 20 july to 10 july ( from 10 july each week , one in three weekly ) , and the four - in - one in southern guangdong , southern guangdong , guangdong , guangdong , guangdong , guangdong , guangdong , guangdong , zhejiang , zhejiang , zhejiang , zhejiang , zhejiang , zhejiang , and other isolated cases .
before the movie starts , " nuts protecting lives " produced by the brigade -- a letter from the vast number of residents and some publicity materials will be distributed to the residents and broadcast " warnings on human life " and " school road " special columns .
the curtain on the scene sparked the shell of the residents and the scenes of the catching were greatly alarming .
in particular , the " school road " feature film , which makes taoist , tap the taste of taoist , and receive profound education .
the movie attracted more than 3,000 residents around the square , especially some young people and migrant workers from jiaozhou , who were there to watch the movie with great kindness .
by sending transportation safety movies into communities ( + hospitals ) , the launching of construction projects has enabled the residents to enjoy the films and receive profound education on traffic safety .
chinese catering industry to be regulated
to better implement the " food and health law " and the " decision on further strengthening food safety work " of the state council , the ministry of health has separately set up emergency food safety supervision and management centers in haidian district of beijing municipality , taizhou city of jiangsu province , zhejiang province , zhejiang province , luojia city of henan province , hubei province , hainan province , sanye county , sichuan province , and 10 other areas .
this system will also gradually develop into something else nationwide .
the public announcement system for supervision of food and catering industry is a system for supervising the health licenses of catering and catering units under the provincial health administration system . health personnel in the field of food proved to be healthy people in the food quality and label .
according to presentations , the form and form of unified labels as stipulated by the ministry of health , including on - site inspections of nine health conditions , results of the on - site inspections of the samples , the names of the monitoring institutions on the scene , the customer complaints and complaints , and the names of the customers .
china 's top legislator wu bangguo met here thursday with a delegation of the national people 's congress ( npc ) from the republic of korea ( dprk ) .
un security council extends peacekeeping mission in ethiopia
the un security council unanimously adopted a resolution on 30 may agreeing to transfer the un peacekeeping troops stationed in houle ( ertuo ) to natiebu ( january next year ) for a six - month term .
the resolution urged all parties concerned to honor their commitments , exercise restraint , ease the tense situation , avoid unctuous military activities , and called on eritrea to immediately withdraw its troops and military equipment from the temporary security zone , and call on sideline parties to reduce the number of additional military troops deployed in the vicinity of the temporary security zone .
the resolution called for immediate concrete steps to enable the ecuadorian border committee to quickly mark the border without any culex , and urged erica to stop its lack of ambiguity and eliminate all restrictions on action and operation of eecuadorian .
the resolution reiterated its full support for the work of the ecuadorian border committee and expressed appreciation for the committee 's decision to hold a meeting with eritrea in new york on september 6 .
in 1998 , conflicts broke out between erlesox and the himalayas , causing many deaths .
in june 2000 , ethiopia and eritrea signed a ceasefire agreement in the algerian capital of algiers .
the united nations began deploying peacekeeping troops along the eritrean border in july 2001 to monitor the implementation of the cease - fire agreement between the two countries .
wang xiangjiang , china 's top legislator , said here thursday that china 's economy is still in a stable condition .
national county level horns horrips opens to welcome olympics
chengdu , june 30 ( staff report )
xing guan jiaoyuan reports : to implement the spirit of the party central committee 's instructions on building a harmonious socialist society , to coordinate with the new socialist rural construction , to enrich the cultural life of the masses , to enrich the cultural life of the masses , and to welcome the olympics ' two county matches in the whole country , the curtain of the inter - county games is rising on the day .
the six - day event attracted ten county level men from all over the country to participate in the event .
according to the regulations , athletes taking part in this competition must be scores of competitors aged 18 years old and above .
in 2007 , the sport management center of the state sports general administration will not be allowed to participate in the competition .
the competition was based on the latest examination of china 's horticulture association , with the competition divided into two stages : competition and preliminary competition .
the competition was jointly organized by the china council for sports , the nuke center of the state sports general administration , and the china international sports company .
in recent years , the cultural and sports undertakings in shuanghe county , which have a history of ancient culture , have successively won the title of advanced sports units of the national mass sports advanced units in zhaoxian county , and others .
in the new rural construction , in particular , shuangli county has vigorously implemented the project of peasants sports , beautified the rural areas ' sport facilities , combined the planting of natural beings , and built the gyms in rural areas , with the rural areas , with the rural areas , and actively promoted and developed rural areas where peasants were happy with the local folk - - - - like sports competition and competition , and improved the quality of peasants , with their physical health and physical fitness
the three major functions of modern army
first , the ability to identify .
different military branches and different people in different countries are different .
in the military of more than 100 countries , the use of uniforms is basically the same , but no military uniform of any two countries is the same .
second , symbolic functions .
to a certain extent , the military uniform reflects the national characteristics of a country and is also the mainstay of the military professionals of a country 's military combat capability .
in the three general barracks of military uniform , the best can fully show the strength of the army , the pronounced uniform of military flavor .
third , the function of protection .
with the rapid development of new and high - tech weapons and equipment , the comprehensive defense capabilities of new - type operation uniforms have been enhanced , and military uniforms have been developed to guard against chemical warfare , radiation radiation of bacterium , and moisture , wet - melting , and so on , becoming the most important issue in the development of military uniform .
( shi wei )
the party committee organs of a certain brigade 's handling of issues daring to do
chengdu , 3 july ( jiefangjun bao )
qu gaimao reports that we can live on the soil of the big team party committee 's determination and courage to clear the houses of the party committee .
today , more than 10 cadres from the telecommunications training unit of the chengdu military region each dressed up in favor of the party committee of the chengdu military region . they have the style of daring to resolve problems one by one and daring to do the hard nuts , and are full of respect and praise .
a few years ago , with personnel 's family properties being affected by the rules , some of the houses of this group 's family buildings were unoccupied in violation of regulations , causing difficulties to the houses of cadres working in the army . the officers and men have expressed their opinions on this .
the group had also cleared several housing cases and could not have been solved due to various resistance .
the only thing we do is to dare to do and also do is to avoid unsolved difficulties .
after the new party committee group reached a consensus , the principal leaders personally started to thoroughly sort out all the problems of occupying houses in violation of regulations .
on one hand , they are aggrieved , hope that the personnel concerned , while on the other hand , they talk about the relevant policies and regulations on the use of the economy of the army 's red army , which show the party committee 's firm determination and principled stand .
some housing units that do not want to retreat from houses that are overtake occupations in other places have timely contacted their units and adopted corresponding measures to urge them to take the initiative to cooperate with the units .
after two months of painstaking work , all households whose houses were illegally occupied by these houses were disposed of on schedule , and the cadres working in the group were assigned housing according to regulations .
the party committee of this unit has dared to deal with tough problems and has also produced a catalyst . some cadres who originally did not want to actively cooperate with the organization in distribution have expressed their acceptance of the decision by the organization .
qiao qingchen meets bangladesh air force chief
the report by the beijing military region on 9 july
reporter zhang shun reporting : qiao qingchen , commander of the air force of the central military commission , met with qizoman , chief of staff of the bangladesh air force , and his party in beijing today .
qiao qingchen said : since the establishment of diplomatic relations between china and bangladesh , bilateral relations have been developing smoothly , high - level exchanges have been frequent , and friendly exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been constantly strengthened .
the two countries have always maintained close cooperation in international affairs and in the construction of their respective countries , and have supported each other in assisting each other in maintaining close cooperation .
china appreciates bangladesh 's efforts in supporting china on issues such as taiwan 's human rights issue and tibet .
qiao qingchen said that the chinese army treasures the friendly relations with the bangladesh army and hopes that with the joint efforts of both sides , the two armies will further expand the scope and level of friendly cooperation , strengthen friendly exchanges and cooperation between the two air forces , and raise the friendly relations of cooperation between the two armies to a new level .
qi said bangladesh will make efforts to further develop the friendly relations between the two armies , especially the two air forces .
he reiterated that the bangladesh government will , as always , adhere to the one - china policy .
before the meeting , qiao qingchen held a welcoming ceremony for qiaoo .
qi and qiao arrived in beijing on 8 july for an official and friendly visit to china at the invitation of qiao qingchen .
prc : pla military designer invited to visit china
on 13 july , the reporter liu xinxin from yang baojin , beijing , reported that the pla units will be changing their 07 - type military uniform one after another starting 1 august .
tonight , the chinese military specially invited tailor - mutton from the department of supplies to be trained by the top engineer of the institute of military equipment in zhaoyang , a senior engineer of the institute of military equipment , su yang , as guest of the chinese military , and the background of developing new military uniforms with netizens within and outside the army , which drew responses from the netizens .
the two guests are the direct nuts developed by 07 military uniform design .
on the changes in the new uniform , they said that the 2007 military uniform is one of the particularly 97 military uniform design based on the change of uniform , and the one in the series of military uniform , seven improvements that were made for several hundred times .
the greatest characteristic of the 07 - style uniform is that it has become more flexible and varied , and has enabled our military uniform to reach for the first time the standards of balancing varieties among the three armed services , marking a historic leap in the building of our military uniform .
the two guests also exchanged views on the new strains of the dress , the le - shaped type , and other issues with netizens .
the quarterfinery is a link between the new wave of china 's nulomao net and china 's nets .
jingjiang city 's people 's army platform upgraded the quality of cadres
the first batch of pla aviation vehicles on the eve of the " red army day " on 18 june , which was organized by lu yuqing , armed forces minister of xielan town , to win the psychological warfare under informatized conditions , was unanimously acknowledged by the cadets .
this is a unique technique that has been applied to cadres with special skills in connection with the actual conditions of their positions .
in early 2000 , the party committee of the people 's armed forces department discovered during its grass - roots investigation and study that some cadres with special skills had been appointed to posts and had not been assigned to work with armed forces .
therefore , they have adopted the method of training in concentrated form and training based on local party schools to train military cadres on regular basis , focusing on resolving the problem of lack of knowledge and uniformity of professional knowledge among military cadres .
in connection with the central task , we should boldly cut down on tasks for military cadres and improve the ability to serve in military posts through on - the - job training .
at the same time , they actively coordinated local organization departments and jointly formulated the " program for appointing military cadres through competition " and clearly stipulated that the armed forces ministers must enter the party committee leading body and no longer hold other posts .
we have established a mechanism for the adjustment and exchange of military cadres , which is too old to meet the needs of the armed forces at the grass - roots level . we should promptly adjust and exchange cadres , and promote and use comrades with strong capabilities in comprehensive quality .
not long ago , chen yisong , director of the armed forces department of the new century company , led the militia technical detachment in innovating and developing underwater navigation technology , which has filled up domestic awl and has been upgraded to director of the armed forces department of the company .
benevolence still needs to be kind
in terms of the outcome of the competition , the score between 2 to 2 is reasonable , and also acceptable to everyone , the key is the process of the competition , and it is quite regrettable .
if iran leads the 2:0 , then the score will be equated to china , then it will definitely feel different , and its morale will be very long .
the good can not be good at the end of the race , but can be said to be a old problem .
under the situation , the ball often does not take the view of ordinary people is china 's psychology .
this is indeed a cause of lack of matches .
however , judging from today 's competition , it seems that it is not as good as today .
sun jihai , sun jiaxiang , shao jiaoyi and others had played ball in europe , but li wei feng and others were also veterans of the jiashan field . they had a broad understanding of the situation and said that their psychological quality would not be affected .
this regrettable thing has been forced to the peace by the iranian team , and probably will be directed to the deployment .
under backward conditions , the iranian team was replaced by two people , and the scene was immediately awakened .
in the lower half of the field , three were not good .
overcome the problem of being good at the beginning and not being able to end up in good terms , we must accurately find the root cause of the problem .
if the problem is found to be correct , it is probably not difficult to find the way to correct the problem .
they were afraid of being ill and unconscious of being taken to hospital .
if this goes on , competition will be more serious , and old problems will continue to emerge .
the ministry of public security gave a notice to the guangdong frontier guard hospital for the second group .
the first batch of the pla navy surface vessel "
li guoliang huang qi report : for many years , the hospital of the guangdong border defense corps has made great efforts to help the masses living in difficulty , and runners - up one piece of luze land .
this morning , the ministry of public security gave a briefing to the second du zhaoxin conference and a report meeting on the advanced deeds of supporting the government and cherishing the people at the hospital of guangdong border defense command .
the hospital of the guangdong border defense command has built a harmonious society , one after another , it has established three hospitals in phutan , bristol , huaan , shenzhen , specifically targeting migrant workers from other places , and the tuition fees for the treatment and appointment of the workers from other places only requires 1 yuan , and the operating costs for the examination fees can be eight times .
the hospital is equipped with a specially tailored passenger bus service , free medical treatment for peasant workers , and introduced the medical services for peasant workers , the spring bread , which requires only 7 yuan per month for medical examination and 12 basic medical guarantees .
this measure has benefited more than 12,000 peasants .
from the hetuan , the hospital also started the activity of stretching 1,000 lush lights , organizing eight medical personnel from the provincial department of vision to travel to zhejiang province , yunnan province of yunnan province , and other places in yunnan province to see bright foods and send medical treatment of nearly 3,000 cases of mystery , making the patients feel very bright .
the armed police force will be in service with 7 kinds of clothes as of 1 august .
on july 19 , the reporters of the pla wang zhifeng and zhang jianjun reported : the armed police force will be changing the seven - type clothing one after another starting from august 1 .
today , this reporter learned from the ceremony for the release of seven types of clothes and their dress in catering for 2007 , which was replaced by the armed police force , there are a total of four types of varieties of eating dress , namely , dressing dressing , dressing , and dressing .
dress is adjusted from olive green to deep - olive green colors , with corpse fountains and trousers , with the overall perception of design being strong , and with reference to national costume standards .
female officers and soldiers should have their own orange hats , limehards , and winter uniforms should be changed from the one that is led in the new orleans . the waist structure of the summer constant dress , and the crawl design of spring and autumn often .
the newly added name of the ranks of the national defense ranks and a blue ribbon , and the newly designed hat cap , the taste of the qualification of the syllabus , has enhanced the ability to identify and wear , and has enhanced the sense of beauty .
the armed police 's 07 - style clothes will be replaced in three years .
before august 1 , 2007 , together with all army units , taps cadres and national flag , the le military band , the cultural circle of the pla , exchanged gifts for spring festival greetings from cadres and soldiers of the beijing - based troops in the beijing area , which was often used to exchange spring and autumn shoes and the sign of chose , which is often seen in autumn .
in may , the cadets of other troops exchanged for spring autumn , often the sign of the quiet weather .
toxic = ( + = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =
in december 2009 , the new winter uniform was replaced by soldiers .
training compliment with nutrition gradually came up with the season .
a certain base of the second artillery corps started operation in the small , far - away , directly - coordinated education areas .
the reporters learned from xue bingjian and xu qing : the education organizations of small , scattered , remote , directly administered units do not have enough resources to fight each other . this will become a history at a certain base of the second artillery corps .
recently , this reporter has learned that after half a year of trial implementation , the base has issued the " implementation method for the ' program for ideological and political education ' " to cover a number of areas for ideological and political education cooperation for all small , scattered , remote , directly subordinate units of the base , and has formally started operation .
in order to promote the effective implementation of the " outline on ideological and political education , " the base organized forces early this year to conduct in - depth investigation and study on the current state of ideological and political education in small , scattered and remote units , and key issues affecting and constraining the results of education personnel 's initial success , thus forming a new educational model in the cooperative zone between small , scattered , remote , and directly administered units .
the concrete practice of the cooperative zone is to break the boundary between the establishment of units and designate one brigade and regiment level unit in the relatively centralized film zone of small , scattered , remote , and directly subordinate units . units of different relations are to discuss the situation of hearing or adopting the concept of " supporting systems " in the same distance .
adopting the method of combining hetups with competition for posts , and combining the use of educational resources , the unified use of educational hardware in the film district , the sharing of experience in education among various units , and the regular rotation of model zones and reporting of typical cases in the regions , organizing studies among officers and men .
each cooperative zone has established systems for educating the crematers and educating information .
on this basis , various cooperative areas have also established such key educational projects as emergency situations for assistance to insults , and a system for notifying and evaluating the situations of thought of joint consultation on emergencies .
zhang shengmin , director of the political department of the base , told this reporter that the establishment of a cooperative zone for political education has reduced the waste of educational resources and deepened the educational effect .
some political awesome officers and soldiers of other units have lost their points and have taken the initiative to study new knowledge and explore new ways of education .
officers and soldiers who received education have actively engaged in education , fearing that when discussing and analyzing the outside language , they would say something to the officers and men of neighboring units .
these tumors and enthusiasm have been effectively inspired .
the total number of nuts of a certain north sea fleet was assigned to soldiers
the pla daily reported : on 17 july , a certain detachment of the north sea fleet , led by zhang weiliang , deputy engineer of a certain tank group of the north china sea fleet , 31 fighters who had worked for a long time in the frontline happily embarked on the beidaihe train .
luo xiangming , a senior nco at the sixth grade , happily told this writer : leaders of the brigade showed deep concern for the soldiers , and let us feel deeply moved and touched . after we return , we must work hard !
soldiers at the grassroots level were still organized for the first time in this brigade .
not long ago , yao qingsheng went deep into the grass roots to see that some soldiers who were responsible for the work had braved their necks to carry out equipment maintenance work , which greatly moved yao qingsheng .
soldiers should forget our work , and party committees should care for soldiers and be responsible to the health of soldiers .
after studying the matter , the party committee decided to divide all the quotas assigned by the higher authorities to the frontline soldiers working on the line .
the practice of opening up hot spots and hot spots in the jinan military region
the pla daily ,
wang weiqin , special li deying reported on 25 july : the author saw a piece of paper written with the tender for engineering projects of the unit , the selection of cadres involved in financial matters such as promotion of cadres to party members , etc. , in the show window .
according to the briefing by political commissar su chengsen , this was a concrete move taken by the unit to promote the system of opening work to the public .
in order to strengthen party conduct and ethical governance construction , the party committee of this unit drew up measures such as " public notices on sensitive issues " of organs ' grass - roots level supervision , and called for making decisions again after hearing the opinions of grassroots officers and soldiers after hearing the opinions of grassroots officers and soldiers . it also made decisions on the basis of the situation and openly publicized the standards of work according to established procedures .
the unit has set up a " red bulletin " , opening up a panorama panels on the side , and extensively soliciting opinions from all sides .
early this year , the construction of the renovation project of the dormitory building of the soldiers started , the party committee organs extensively solicited the opinions of the officers and men , and then issued the tender information to implement open tendering .
it has saved the funds and won the support of the officers and men .
the practice of opening affairs to the public and handling affairs to the public has promoted the formation of a good practice in grassroots units .
in this unit , grassroots companies , whether they are determined on hot - spot sensitive affairs or on small - scale vacations , or on individual matters such as daily expenses for the food items , have insisted on regular public announcements and consciously subject themselves to mass supervision .
( international ) studies show that the number of corrosive properties related to two genes
london , july 2 ( xinhua ) icelandic scientists have discovered through research that the risk of catastrophysical disease of two genes is far higher than ordinary people .
according to the latest issue of the " nature " journal , the research personnel of the shaky horse genetic company of iceland conducted a survey on the genes of thousands of people from iceland 's meawenger , the united states , and hong kong region of china , and obtained the above discovery .
the two genes found by scientists were different from the critical positions of the heart in the early stage .
the shock of the heart is the most nutritious cause of the heart , which can lead to the breastfeeding of the heart and the pawns .
in addition , according to a report in the " natural genetics " magazine on 1 april , researchers from the zhipu lesetic company also discovered the cause of cancer related to the breast of the chromosome 17 of mankind , and the two genes related to the breast cancer of the previous breast cancer have played a certain role in the cancer cases of over one - third of the breast cancer cases .
the study also found that one of the genes was also reduced while raising the risk of pregnant cancer .
( sports ) us veteran maker keleider may retire after world cup
xinhua news agency , marathon , venezuela , july 3 , by wire ( reporter jian liu )
according to venezuelan media reports , 37 - year - old veteran horse , keeler , said in an interview here that if the american cup could not find the right club effect after the competition , then he would choose to retire .
if the heiki cup finishes four to six weeks , i cannot get a high level team one - two contracts , and the retiring may be my good choice .
with the fall of monggggrad into germany , kelle also left the cluster with two many teams that it has been serving .
although kay had heart to close the hands , he obviously did not worry about his fate , and he himself has so far more than eight teams intending to take advantage of his competitors .
however , this british ultra - matched the west cluster and the old gods of germany said that how he finally chose to depend on the family , my child has already been nine years old . he is waiting for me in three different countries and has been in three different schools . my choice now is how to better benefit my family .
in the gold cup finals not long ago , kelle played an outstanding role and helped the team win the championship .
in this year 's american cup , he was still appointed by the head coach bradley , but could hardly hit the enemy with one nye , and the taught from the young people 's close to the military . the two big competitors like ours , paraguay , were not the strong rivals . the door he held was wearing the tune seven times .
the next match against colombia is very likely to be between the american team and kerle , who will last in this year 's american cup .
china - black strawberry smart mobile phone to land in china
ottawa , july 1 ( xinhua ) according to canada 's " global post " , canada 's black berawawawberry ( lacekwa ) has been approved into the chinese market after eight years of hard work , and its first black strawberry cell phone will be listed in china in late august .
" the head of shaky bauer said that he will visit shanghai and guangzhou in china 's shanghai and other major cities .
quoting from the global post , a manager of the beijing office said that the black - 8700g cell phone will land on the chinese market at the end of august , and the price is about 700 us dollars . so far , 5,000 orders have been received .
borrelli said that last week , the listing of ibone mobile phones made people increasingly more concerned about smart cell phones as hepation 's rival , and hisberries are now selling hawberry mobile phones in more than 100 countries around the world .
statistics show that in the first quarter of this year , the number of mobile phones using shawberries has increased by 1.2 - million , and the total number of subscribers has reached 900,000 .
spain : death of husband 's wife in mongkok
xinhua news agency , july 7 , a spanish woman was attacked by monterous sides and she dropped the necklar in the fight , and found that the attacker was her husband , and the police arrested him .
according to local media reports , the woman was found dead in a bakery in valencia city on the 6th .
one day , a monster 's necklace , she thought she was a robber and told him to take money from the drawer and leave .
but the man did not take the money , but pinned the neck of the woman and thought about her .
she wants to use death - inflammable method to transport the horns , but the man did not let her down , still kicked her neck .
during the fighting , the woman 's face covered but discovered the person was actually her husband .
the assailant was arrested by police .
the victim told the media that she and her husband were going through divorce procedures because of lack of feeling .
thirteen pilots resign from china eastern airlines wuhan company , claims over 100 million yuan in compensation
wuhan , july 11 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a joint venture with the us government
thirteen pilots have submitted their resignation , and the china oriental airlines co. ltd. , ltd. , china 's eastern airlines , has issued a huge compensation receipt of as much as 105 - million yuan . this is the largest labor dispute case in hubei province so far .
the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration committee is now trying the case .
in may this year , 13 pilots of the wuhan company of china eastern put forward their resignation , but the company refused .
later , in early june , the pilot submitted a labor arbitration application to the hubei provincial labor dispute mediation committee , asking for the ruling to terminate the labor relations with the company .
after receiving the notice , the company of eastern wuhan brought up a countercharge , demanding 13 pilots to pay the costs of deregulating labor contracts that were in violation of labor contracts , which amounted to more than 6 million yuan to more than 10 million yuan , and climbing 105 million yuan .
it is understood that the pilots and eastern airlines signed a labor contract without a fixed period . except for those whose conditions were terminated or discontinued in the labor contract , the effect of the labor contract will continue to be the legal retirement age of the pilot .
the hubei provincial labor dispute mediation committee has handled this case in response to appeals and appeals , and is expected to complete the trial before 8 august .
germany urges russia to pass border treaty
xinhua news agency , riga , july 12 ( reporter yang dehong ) schtaiomu , visiting german foreign minister steinmeier , urged russia to pass the lafayevru border treaty as soon as possible .
schroeder and his party held talks on the same day with foreign minister paek , during which the two sides discussed the relations between rashid and the cooperation between the european union and israel , and exchanged views on the development of relations between latin america and russia and the relations between the european union and russia .
at a press conference held after the talks , steinmeier urged russia to pass the ralkov border treaty as soon as possible .
steinmeier said that the two countries of the region and russia are making relatively slow progress in improving their relations , and the process of signing the lashkp has witnessed the development of relations between latin america and russia . however , the shadow of history may also bring about a retrograde in relations between russia and latvia . he hoped that russia would promote the development of bilateral relations through the lafayette treaty as soon as possible .
on 27 march this year , after a decade of negotiations , prime minister karl vinci and russian prime minister benkindaku signed a border treaty in moscow .
on 17 may , the rajp passed the treaty on the border between russia and latvia .
according to reports by the media , the russian parliament will vote on the treaty in the near future .
dprk , rok to hold six - party talks
pyongyang , july 16 ( xinhua ) the democratic people 's republic of korea ( dprk ) has decided to extend its official visit to china from july 1 to 16 ,
military representatives from the dprk and the rok held military talks in panmunjom on 16 august . the two sides decided to hold the sixth ministerial - level talks from 24 to 26 june .
according to a report by the central news agency , north korea 's military representative , pak chae - su , proposed in the contacts that day that the joint whitewashing area between yanping island and bailing island in the western sea area of north korea , and explained in detail the reasons for this .
he said : the establishment of common areas must carry out the policy of seeking common prosperity and common benefits for the nation as far as possible and safeguarding peace and stability .
on the existence of the sea line between the two sides , pak said that in order to prevent military conflicts between the two sides in the western sea , the two sides should abandon the sea line they have upheld , recognize each other and respect each other , respect each other and respect each other , and regard the relevant agreements between north and south korea as the basis of international consultations on the agreement on north korea 's accession and the international law .
he said that it is necessary to promptly formulate military safeguard measures to promote cooperation and exchanges between the dprk and rok , which is the consistent stand of the dprk military .
he said that the rok side should take military measures to ensure that dprk 's non - governmental ships can directly travel to and from haizhou port and freely pass through the cheju strait .
this is the second round of military talks between north and south korea recently held since the 10 th of this month .
the fifth dprk - rok stalemate talks were held from 8 to 11 may at the nub side of panmunich .
( international ) hyundai motor denies intent to purchase wolfowl
seoul , july 18 ( xinhua ) south korea 's hyundai motor company has no intention to purchase wolong or automobile company 's brand on the 18th , a spokesman for hyundai said here today .
the sunday times and the new york times reported the possibility of selling volvo to taiwan a few days ago .
the sunday times even claimed in its report that hyundai motor company of south korea is a potential city of wolf .
a spokesman for hyundai motor said that we do not have any interest in the tap of wolfowl or the tiger , and modern technology is busy implementing its own expansion program , and it is simply too busy to attend to his own expenses .
in 1999 , 64.5 - billion us dollars of tangerine plate purchased wolf from sweden 's wolf group .
at present , wolfowl and luhu jibao are the leading automobile group ( apricot ) .
in march this year , us dollar sold out tanghang 's flag , which was 8.49 us dollars , and its last month also indicated that it considered selling tigers and khers .
( sports ) cuban fetters are too short of rope
xinhua news agency , rio de janeiro , july 21 ( reporters chen weihua and cold tong ) .
on 21 march , the cuban delegation 's current boxer rope at the pan - american games will affect the performance of the boxing team .
according to the rules of the iff , the rope on the rostrum at the international games should be 6.1 meters , but according to the measurements of the boxers coach padrok , the current us boxing strike platform is one meter shorter than the benzene standard .
roke said : we submitted a formal protest because this matter did not affect a country in cuba but it was related to everyone .
the rope is too short , which affects the fists ' flashing movements .
he also said : if the orthodox rope could not meet the olympic standards , he could go to other places to look for .
as we know early , we brought back something from cuba .
the mexican and colombian delegations also expressed dissatisfaction over the attacks on taiwan ropes on that day .
colombian fist jualio dale dairis won the first battle , but he said : although i won the first match , the boxing platform is too narrow , it really makes me feel that it is not suppressed .
the restoration of overseas export orders ,
xinhua news agency , july 24 , shanghai ( reporters xu shansong and lihong yu ) reporters learned from guansheng garden ( group ) company limited that the daya rabbit canopy in shanghai once resumed exports in the past few days , and many overseas chicks still demand commodity .
the nantonian company 's mr. lin qingrong , who is also in singapore , sent a telegram to guanshengyuan group , saying that the nao rabbit rabbit rabbit sugar test results in singapore does not contain formaldehyde and can be sold in the market normally . therefore , the guansheng garden requires geophysical orders .
the kosuka seng company of qusheng garden of malaysia said it demanded that the guansheng garden immediately transport one tap of babbol rabbit cantablets from shanghai to malaysia .
the nanning seng garden , wusheng trading limited , also called the coronava rabbit cancera in hong kong , and confirmed that formaldehyde is not formaldehyde .
the wufeng trade company limited has received notification from hughonian , hong kong , and decided to resume sales of more than 100 products in hong kong .
it is understood that the 10 famous lush babbits and milk sugar of shanghai port once gradually resumed export .
at present , there are seven containers of dabunt , which are heading to singapore 's trump , malaysia 's meawu , india 's mega , and other countries .
( international ) criminal suspect arrested for making bombs in britain
london , july 26 ( xinhua ) the british police announced in mid - july that britain 's luke procession , which produced a threat from a bomb hoop , was arrested on july 23 in klima , kristo , kaesar county .
the police said that this person is called pu miao , 51 , who is an unemployed person , will be subjected to accusations of blackmail and bomb making .
on the afternoon of july 14 ( xiaolongde ) , 14 nationwide samuel horst buenos was shut down by the police due to bomb threat , and it was only resumed business on the following day .
it is precisely the peak time when the british people are going to purchase from the land that the 14 th leg of the british family suffered the biggest losses from the sales of the matches .
the british police later conducted a criminal investigation into the bomb threat incident and announced that no signs of terrorist activities were found in the incident , but there might be some economic motives behind it .
( sports ) changing the season of flowers to make the mistake of beijing olympics
beijing , july 28 ( xinhua ) the olympic games in 2000 , which will be held in zhaochao , may become a sea resort in beijing .
through such technological means as changing the flower period , scientific research personnel have found a good way to add colorful color to the olympics .
on 28 june , the competition for the varieties of syllabus and the selection of new varieties of crops in beijing was held . at the acceptance meeting , the experts came to the conclusion that adopting new technology for promoting the control of the cultivation of new technologies , and different types of varieties or varieties of natural flowers can bloom in the same summer period , and the best results can be achieved at the beijing olympics in august .
in the summer of beijing , it usually saw a dozen or so types of grand onlybral , most of them had long lacked , or had not yet reached the codding .
through their efforts , scientific research personnel selected 206 types of syllabus in summer , with more than 400 varieties .
the olympics 2007 spring festival , held in haidian park in beijing , will show the curtain of the opening ceremony of the beijing olympics , a group of scientists who had carefully cultivated by researchers who had not been able to blossom in natural course during the month , will meet with the melody .
turkey 's ruling party wins parliamentary election
xinhua news agency , july 30 , kunma ( by wang jian ) - turkey 's top election commission announced on july 30 the final result of the 23 rd parliamentary election , which showed that the ruling justice and development party had 341 out of the 550 seats , once again winning one party 's right .
in the parliamentary election held on 22 july , the main opposition party , the republican people 's party , won parliamentary seats .
the national action party ( np ) has won 71 seats in the election .
in addition to the three political parties mentioned above , there are also 26 elected diet members .
the new turkish parliament will hold its first meeting in august .
all members will be sworn in and will start to perform their duties .
after that , the parliament will elect a new parliament speaker through voter hopeless voting .
the parliamentary election was scheduled to be held in november , but in the presidential election at the end of april , because the opposition parties were divided into the only candidate , kal , vice prime minister and foreign minister of justice and development party , which led to the failure of the presidential election , the parliamentary election was held ahead of schedule .
