white house urges early dispatch of nuclear inspectors to monitor north korea 's closure of nuclear reactors
the white house today appealed to the dprk to send nuclear inspectors to monitor the closure of its nuclear reactor as soon as possible . the white house made this statement after us president bush and south korean president rudd talked about the phone with south korean president roh moo - hyun .
jfjb spokesman cheo cheuk said that the two leaders discussed today on the nuclear issue between the united states and south korea on cooperation in north korea 's nuclear issue , and hoped that iaea inspectors would return to north korea very soon to monitor the halt of north korea 's nuclear reaction and the closing of the iaea .
cheong pointed out that the two presidents also expressed concern over the us - south korea free trade agreement signed yesterday , and would make efforts to ensure that the two countries ' parliaments ratify the agreement .
experts believe that pyongyang 's plutonium produced over the past 20 years is sufficient to produce 12 nuclear weapons .
us envoy to the six - party talks hill said last week that he expected the nuclear reactor in yongbyon to be closed in mid - july .
43 killed in rainy day in western india
rainstorm hit india 's western region on weekend , and some areas were seriously flooded . large - scale air route in western india stopped over the country .
rescue officials said today that 43 people were killed in the hurricane .
the quarterly winds brought on the rainy weather of india , which has a population of 1 million , in june and september each year , and caused casualties .
half of the victims were affected by the flood while others were dragged on in the rain , while others were dragged on by the house or lingyun on on .
the financial center of india has also encountered difficulties .
on 29 march , it lowered its curtain of 39 days .
while acting chief executive officer ba zachu said that the mere was thirteen dead .
government officials appealed to the public to stop their cold weather by driving away their homes before the rainy season .
yesterday , the rainy season continued to break most areas today .
floods in india nearly 500 killed
according to reports by officials and media , india 's heavy casualties caused by heavy rain this year have reached 4ludes .
the kitty news trust in india quoted kadan , head of the government 's reconstruction office , as saying that the number of deaths and injuries and economic losses in various indian provinces entered the new period . the casualties and economic losses in various places and the financial losses in all . the number of rashtra province , the first large city of india , is located in india 's largest city . currently , it is known that the death toll has reached 321 .
the report said that candan told reporters while inspecting the company that he made the above remarks .
he said : at the same time , india 's largest cotton production site , the ballet of india , is a vast ocean , of which 27 cities and towns are seriously affected by water shortage , and 10,000 disaster victims are brought to safety reception centers .
india is a country south and north , and one week ago it has entered into the mt . the residents of various provinces were greeting the rainy situation with their long - dry and dry - land - - greeting rain . however , they did not expect the rain to be rough and rainy .
the winner of wimbledon 's neyclone jakovic 's disappearance , nadal ,
the spanish red earth king nasa today expressed his confidence in the men 's singles four - strong men tournament , while the jocht of the competition , jokovic , who was unable to sustain injury , withdrew in the final , nagoric , who broke into the tournament , and fought against the french team champion ronald de ronald de , the swiss world player , in a battle against the tiger ron@@
in the 16 th and 8 th matches , george kovic called on security guards to treat back and injuries during the match . he was defeated today by the riverbed of the third set by the riverbed bubbles , and he called on security guards to treat him . later he consciously could not hold the injured and fight again , and decided to abandon the competition .
the fourth seed jovic retreated , making the originally 3 - 6 lead , jonathan , the second seed of the nager , who led the first six - six , win .
in addition to the early opening of the game , the warm - up machine was quickly cast on the first set under the situation , while the second , the two wins , all led in the battle .
satellite shows iran tapping tunnel may protect nuclear equipment
the us research institute for science and international security ( cas ) reported today that commercial satellites show that iran is in the excavation tunnel near the nandan uranium enrichment facility , possibly to protect nuclear equipment when it encountered the air raids .
these satellites are made by the united states ( while the united states is around the world ) on june 11 , and they are published on the scientific and international security research institute 's website .
the institute is located in washington for non - profit research groups .
on the south of the ntanzanian facilities , it is only making a road construction along the mountain , and the uranium enrichment plant is inside .
analysts o ' blatter and brisnan pointed out in a report that the current situation of the rough is not clear , but it seems like a path of passing through a tunnel facility , and another road may also lead to the opening of the ct to the tunnels .
they said : " like this , a tunnel digging into the mountain will play an excellent role in protecting the tunnels when the raid is going on . "
iran still tough on un envoy 's nuclear talks
the united nations international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) deputy director general hainin held talks with iranian officials today to once again try to resolve the stalemate created by iran 's nuclear program .
however , iranian president ahmadinejad has been under increasing pressure to impose further sanctions at the united nations , and still stubbornly resisted .
iran will not stop uranium enrichment operations , but welcome this new round of talks .
he said : the retrospective signboard can slow down or accelerate , which is a matter of implementation , but no one should expect us to give up our rights , and we will not stop moving toward the kitty of the country .
he arrived in hainning after arriving .
the purpose of haining 's visit is to formulate a set of plans to resolve the binding problem triggered by iran 's nuclear program .
un fails to freeze uranium enrichment operations because of its refusal to freeze uranium enrichment .
the hairon news agency reported that iran 's supreme national security council , and wadi , the top international affairs adviser to iran , held talks .
the iranian team to the talks also includes the deputy chairman of the iaea , sedier , and the ambassador to the iaea , soltanini .
the opening ceremony of the palestinian prime minister 's office will organize a new government
the palestinian authorities , while moggers , a month after the + sisa corridor , put into effect today , prime minister fael has temporarily requested to resign , but immediately ordered to take charge of the new government in charge of implementation .
the minister of agriculture and social affairs , hhabachi , told afp that prime minister fahrene submitted his resignation to chairman fayadh , and the chairman accepted the resignation . he also held responsibility for the new cabinet of abbas in handling routine affairs .
abbas 's mime told afp that fyajah 's resignation , while abbas ordered him to execute his current duties until his new government was approaching .
the respected economist fayer submitted his resignation , but it was just a procedural resignation , and he would not shake his position as prime minister .
fabel has been leading the palestinian emergency cabinet to carry out the violent act of abbas after resorting to violence in sisa on 17 july .
according to the basic law of the palestinian autonomous government , it cannot exceed 30 days after the parliament has agreed , but the current autonomous parliament is paralyzed .
the mandate of the emergency government expired today .
wto representatives break down doha round of talks
the world trade organization ( wto ) 's main negotiators today urged the united states to substantially cut its subsidies to agriculture , while developing countries substantially lower their tariffs on industrial products in order to break the deadlock in the doha round of trade negotiations .
the official said that the new draft pattern of levying subsidies on agriculture from the current us $ 1-200 - million to the us $ 200 - million per year for agricultural subsidies , and the developing countries lowered their tariffs on industrial imports to below the target of carrying industrial products .
the proposal was aimed at breaking the deadlock in the doha round of talks over the past six years and bringing about a compromise agreement among wto members .
wto secretary general mundell said that these proposals were designed to achieve a balance of goals and development as a fair and rational basis for the guiding agreement .
lamy said : member countries will not be completely satisfied with the contents of the proposal , but the problem of obtaining consensus is less than the issue of obtaining consensus .
he called for intensive negotiations in the coming weeks .
strong earthquake affects zero production of japanese - made cars and household sales .
the earthquake that hit japan this week caused a shortage of cars , including mint cars and the japanese - made motors , said today that they will even suspend domestic auto production .
japan 's rock - cutting capacity was reduced by 6.8 percent , while the company 's rt research company was forced to suspend operation of tokyo 's industrial plant , which has affected the production of trucks .
the world 's best seller 's famous female spokesperson said that the curtain on domestic automobile production will be suspended from tonight until 21 february .
nissan spokesman nakasone said that from the day to the 23 rd , the two japanese factories that are producing yvi will suspend their production and will review the situation on the weekend .
he said : two factories have made one of them , one of them will be affected . however , the company may increase its rotating next month to make up for the backward production progress .
suzuki said that some of the production of the caru - made train will be suspended from tomorrow , while the japanese fujitsu corporation , which produces the jlg - r - u cars , will also suspend its production of small cars from tomorrow and will assess the situation on 21 july .
the automobile company said that it might suspend some of its rough supply next week .
the earthquake caused at least 10 deaths and injuries to people and several hundred homes cast their eyes , forcing the factories in the disaster areas to stop .
jakarta , april 5 indonesian government cancels sales of green - bag
according to mr timothy , the scourge of hong kong 's rush to buy early this month has cancelled the sale of british green bags .
the curt on the indonesian square in the high - consumption area , while the person in charge of the company , named rudt , said that in view of the hong kong incident , we have cancelled the environmental protection bag activities .
if the people are trying to save a little 140,000 rupees ( about 40,000 new taiwan dollars ) , the kick will not have that price , it will not have that price .
the people of hong kong gathered in the store on the 6th to prepare to buy a brand - name brand design made by britain 's home , niyaac , the research institute of international research , which design it has the design of the " blue " index , which is not the one we are carrying .
this green - looking quality attempt to replace the bag overnight , unexpectedly , it became a popular index in london and new york , triggering feeback on the snatch , auction web site ebay , several times the price on the price of ebay has reached zero .
the only way to stop the sales of yun mon , a country that has been sold for a few days , is not sure whether it will be sold .
while designing the crisis , south korea negotiates directly
afghan armed forces kidnapped 23 south korean hostages and set a deadline today for south korea to withdraw its troops from afghanistan , or they will kill the hostages .
with a time of one minute and one second , the situation has developed head - on , and south korean officials held talks with the organization for the first time today .
but at the same time , the organization said that another german hostage was very weak and began to fall into the mire and lost consciousness .
" we are calling on germany and south korea to withdraw from afghanistan and to exchange 33 people who were imprisoned by the afghan government , " he said .
spokesman ammadi told afp telephone interviews with a unknown location that through the tribal , we are able to get in touch directly with south korean representatives through the tribal elder .
amady said : we hope that the talks will yield results .
the computing method was set at 10 : 30 p.m . local time ( 10 : 30 p.m . taiwan time ) , and the time will begin to kill the south korean hostages .
the extension period of the project has already been extended for two degrees .
prc : pla paper on korean military talks dispersed
because the division of the maritime boundaries is held by each side , the three - day high - level military talks between the south and north koreas broke out today in a discord .
at the talks held on the banbull in the border cities , the last day 's agenda has entered today . kim yong - chol , north korea 's chief representative , said : we made a conclusion that we will no longer need the talks that have not yielded results .
it was obviously displeased with the face of kim jung - chol , who was premeditating in the new frontier of the golden sea area , to replace the discussion of the original northern limit line of south korea .
he pointed out that it is not legal to stop it from north korea .
the northern limitations of the united states on its military deployment in korea after the 1953 us war ended , it became the focus of the dispute between the two koreas in recent years , and north korea even refused to recognize it .
north korea said south korea 's armed invasion of the waters caused tension , while south korea said the allegation was groundless .
the clash broke out in the local waters in june 1999 , killing dozens of north korean crew members .
in june 2002 , a similar clash occurred again , with six south korean people unfortunately .
us treasury secretary visits china to environmental protection , exchange rate concerns
us secretary of state powell arrived in china yesterday for a visit . the united states is exerting its utmost to persuade china to further carry out necessary economic reform and environmental protection work , especially the issue of renminbi exchange rate , which has attracted much attention .
us diplomats said that powell first went to visit the northern province of qinghai , china 's northwest province .
china currently holds the largest chill lake near the dampest waterfront .
ballerson today went to beijing to discuss with chinese officials in charge of the promotion of the sino - us strategic economic dialogue , and other issues .
the main topic of the strategic economic dialogue between the united states and china is economic dialogue , such as the economy , and the most important issue is the issue of renminbi exchange rate . us congressmen think that the rmb is overvalued .
the us - china trade deficit is rapidly approaching , and the pressure within the united states is gradually rising . congressmen are preparing to take retaliatory actions to counter their so - called china unfair trade policy .
last week , the us senate finance committee passed a bill in an overwhelming manner , asking the treasury department to indicate that the currency exchange rate is totally misevaluating the countries of the united states , opening the door to economic sanctions against beijing , which is potential to take place .
us congressmen said that the undervalued rmb has made china very tight in the price of us goods sold to the united states . us - china trade deficit last year reached us $ 2.5 billion .
moody 's said that it would completely withdraw from the soccer world before 60 years old .
beginning from the start , mulio 's future in the media has always been a topic of discussion in the media 's speculation . however , just as in the past , portuguese people have again stressed that he will definitely stay in west london this summer .
some newspapers listed 14 new handsome people in western countries , but i will stay in west , while in west , mumni .
musino reiterated that he hopes to pick up the pockette of the portuguese team one day , and i really want to hold a pregnancy , i believe that a day always portuguese soccer is always there , and i also very much hope to hire me as the head of the portuguese football association , to be appointed as the head - on .
however , 44 - year - old murray does not intend to contribute his whole life to soccer , and he said he would retire before the age of 60 . he did not like boobija russerson and fragson to be in the year 's rough .
i have made a promise to my wife , i will not be like robertson and fragen who always teaches in 70 years old .
murio , now 60 , wants to completely control the soccer world .
i have many things that i cannot do now , waiting for me to do them .
to cover my face , i do not want to become a soccer advisor or or a technical director , such as baldano or sachi .
i do n't want to play such a role .
i do n't want to become the chairman of a club , i only want to thoroughly cast on soccer , mumuio stressed .
( qi liang )
wang bing bing in xiasheng village of hongdong tunnel in shanxi heard the news of the trial of the " red army " case on the signboard ( picture )
in july , the july online bulletin was brought to light by the public . this morning , the linfen city intermediate court held a hearing on the performance of cao shengbing , wang bing , in hongbing village of guangsheng temple in shanxi 's guangshengdong county , shanxi province .
while paying attention to the progress of the case , many domestic media are paying attention to the progress of the case .
because the relevant local departments are relatively cautious , some reporters have not been able to go to the scene to gather news .
at present , the muddy is still in progress .
according to a work worker of the linfen city intermediate court , if it was smooth , it was estimated that it would last until the hearing on that day .
but whether mn can be sentenced to court is still unknown .
at about 9 : 00 am , a reporter noticed a scene outside the entrance to the linfen city intermediate court . the lucian was in a state of nervous and traveling between .
perhaps , it is not easy to think about the bull activities that are being conducted in the court .
when it is done , there will be results , and the law is just .
a senior citizen who traveled here looked at the national emblem and spoke himself .
earlier , a source in hongdong county confirmed that the defendant wang bing , cao shengli , former secretary of the party branch of the shengzhen village of people 's congress deputy , was dismissed from his county 's post according to law .
earlier , wang dongjing was arrested for obstructing the operation of the company 's computer system due to wang bing 's suspected discipline violation case and was dismissed from his post as secretary of the village party branch .
the " strike hard " campaign in shanxi , which was triggered by the wang bing - bing case , attracted attention at home and abroad for a time . the top leadership of the central authorities issued a written instruction calling for a strict investigation .
the dprk and rok exchanged views on cooperation in the development of light industry and underground resources .
chinanews , july 8
the dprk and the rok held talks on 7 june on cooperation in the development of light industry and underground resources .
according to the agreement , the rok will provide the dprk with raw materials for the production of light industrial products such as clothing , and the dprk will grant some of its domestic lightweight mining rights to the rok .
according to a report by the japan - based association for the release of the crew , the rok and the dprk held talks in kaesong on cooperation in light industry and underground resources development within three days and reached an agreement .
according to the agreement , south korea will provide looser and soap raw materials for north korea 's clothing , and rudd production of soap , with total value of nine yen .
in this connection , the dprk will grant rok the power of exploitation of three domestic blocks .
the rok government will leave the port of incheon in the western region on 25 july to transport 500 tons of contractual materials to the dprk .
according to the plan , the rok and the dprk will jointly carry out an investigation on the eastern part of the dprk .
the rok government started to launch its depreciation aid program to provide 400,000 tons of rice to the dprk .
after the dprk expressed its willingness to actively implement the agreement reached by the six countries , including the closing of nuclear facilities , economic cooperation between the dprk and the rok has once again become active .
the lanzhou commodity price bureau explained that the price of beef is limited , only because of the increase .
chinanews , lanzhou , july 10 ( huang party )
this afternoon , the lanzhou city commodity price bureau invited relevant departments to hold a forum on the issue of limiting prices of meat .
at the press conference , it was learned that departments such as the bureau of commodity prices jointly introduced a paper to limit the price of goods , mainly because the price increase of beef is too large , exceeding the tolerance of ordinary residents .
it is reported that the rise in the price of beef has reached 20 percent , and statistics show that this is the largest increase in the total domestic export since the first rise in the early 1980 s of the last century .
" the government 's behavior is to take into account the economic capabilities of the common residents in the region . the maximum price we set out is a cost investigation , " said the director of the lanzhou city commodity price bureau .
on 26 april , the bureau of commodity price control in lanzhou city , and the public health bureau of the industry and commerce administration , etc. jointly imposed a maximum price limit on the flk price , and once the information was disclosed , it aroused a strong concern .
it is understood that the forum was aimed at extensively soliciting opinions from all circles and soliciting opinions and suggestions on the next step of taiwan 's specific management measures . it was disclosed that lanzhou will hold a news conference tomorrow .
this will be the first time that the city of lanzhou has held a news conference on the rise of the price of beef .
china council for promoting peace in northeast china : 3 months stop
chinanews , july 11 according to information from the online " china news " , on july 9 , the administration penalty for the stop of activities in the area of development promotion in china was given three months .
the punishment order shows that the china regional development association has the following illegal acts : collecting a pass by the standard ; using the method of collecting money from the other non - member units .
according to investigations , the index of member units is 21,000 yuan per year . during june to february 2007 , the company opened for more than 20 units . in addition to the levy of 21,000 yuan for membership of one member unit , the other collected the money from 0.80 yuan per unit of the company to 80 yuan for the yuan to the yuan to be charged . the amount of money collected by the management organs of the state was seriously stipulated in the relevant regulations .
in addition , in order to bind the content of the socialist market economy , the regulations governing the registration of social organizations , which are promulgated in paragraph one ( 8 ) of the " regulations on the management of social organizations registration , " which is to be implemented within three months , will be closed according to law .
the rok government hopes to accelerate the process of denuclearization of the peninsula through the six - party talks
chinanews , july 12 - according to a report by the rok news agency , the rok government welcomed the meeting of the heads of the delegation to the six - party talks to be held in beijing on 18 july .
a spokesman for the rok ministry of foreign affairs and trade issued a comment on the 12th , hoping that the parties concerned would discuss the measures to end the initial stage and to implement the next phase of measures as soon as possible , and the concrete and substantive plans for the foreign ministers of the six parties , so as to speed up the process of denuclearization on the korean peninsula .
the commentary also said : as the core of the dprk nuclear issue , our government will make efforts to realize the denuclearization of the korean peninsula quickly and successfully . it will also cooperate closely with relevant countries in this respect .
officials reveal that the number of countries and regions that are expected to be the most important in the beijing olympic games
chinanews , july 16
according to xinhua news agency , wang shilin , deputy director of the international department of the beijing olympic organizing committee , disclosed on 14 april that the beijing olympic organizing committee will send an invitation to the 205 member ioc members ' ioc to participate in the olympic games next month .
he said that if no accident happens , the beijing olympic games will be the largest olympic games in history for participating countries and regions .
according to reports , wang shilin represented the beijing organizing committee of the olympic games to notify the pan - american sports organization on the state of preparations for the olympic games , including construction of traffic on the 10th , including construction of traffic on the blue side , etc , on construction of traffic on the red side , etc , on the 10th .
wang shilin said : the pan - american sports organizations and countries and regions have shown great enthusiasm for participating in the beijing olympic games . all 42 members have confirmed that they will participate in the olympic games delegations of various countries and regions to be held in beijing next month .
it is reported that at the meeting , the ioc will formally invite the international olympic committee [ ioc ] 205 member ioc members to participate in the olympic games .
( gao peng , yang limin )
wang yan 's injury improved " insists on " stool - bench stool - on - stool " and " second - class " musculosis .
wang yan has been able to sit on a wooden bench , but she still cannot feel dizzy for a long time . yesterday , wu xihui , director of zhejiang sports bureau , told reporters .
wang yan , who was injured in the competition earlier , has continued to improve , among which the muscular muscle on the left and on the limbs increased by two - digit margin over the past 10 days or so .
this month , wang yan , from the big circle of six in shanghai ( severe acute respiratory syndrome ) , turned into the limb ward of her right upper limb at 2 to 3 levels , and left upper limb muslims ' muslims ' muslims at the upper lims are 1 .
in the past half month , wang yan 's upper limb muscultic capability has taken a further turn for the better .
dr xin said that wang yan 's muscle power has reached four grades or higher , only five to one level less than normal , and her left hand power is also at or above 3 levels , and wu xigui said .
in other words , in less than half a month , wang yan 's upper limb capabilities regained the curiosity of two - level muscles .
in front of her , wang yan was able to stick to the five - minute sit on the bed with the help of a doctor .
the hospital rehabilitation experts originally planned to give wang yan a full - scale touching experience under the protection of the rehabilitation bed last week .
however , according to wang yan 's current recovery , the rehabilitation training had to be postponed temporarily .
wu xigui said : the current training of wang yan mainly relies on curtains , while the train is mainly used on the loop . she can sit for a while , but she can not stay too long for a while .
venezuelan president to mitigate senior civil servants ' wages
chinanews , july 23 venezuelan president hugo expressed his worries over venezuela 's domestic and foreign policies on july 22 .
he said that the significant reduction in the wages of senior civil servants .
he also said that if foreign nationals come to venezuela to attack the venezuelan government , they will face serious consequences and be expelled .
the brothel ordered government officials to closely monitor the remarks made by foreigners during their visit to venezuela , and discovered that anyone who openly criticized him or the venezuelan government will expel him .
in a televised speech on the evening of 22 july , he said that venezuela cannot tolerate a foreign running around with a glut of folks coming to their homes to make a stop .
in his speech , he also pointed out that the wages of senior civil servants will be substantially reduced .
he said that the maximum salary of venezuelan civil servants could not exceed us dollars per month .
it is reported that in venezuela , the monthly income of some people is still around us dollars .
in the latin american countries , the action to cut civil servants ' salaries has become a common practice and has won the support of the broad masses of people .
the leaders of peru , the country 's hacker , and other countries all cut their salaries .
he also said that cuban leader castro reminded him to pay attention to the ray of actions commanded by the united states .
he said that carter presented him a book on the former director of the us central government , which he wrote for him , and he asked the cia to see the various kinds of secret color donated by the cia .
the " mini - 1 " spy case concluded yesterday , but the arms sales were temporarily suspended .
last night , beijing time , the council of the international automobile movement held a special hearing on the fallari technical spy case ended in paris . the sumptuous mai kai , summoned by the summoned , was escaped to a calamity : the council decided not to impose penalties on kay for the time being .
the official website of the international automobile association issued a statement after the hearing , saying : the milutz - la - mammai - la - mamme , with a secret information of rammmmai , but there is no evidence that these information is being used in the ix - ield world stein matches , so the penalty will not be imposed on them .
however , the lari technical spy case did not count it on this .
the council of automobile sports also said in this decision : if you 're going to discover the relevant information of ramaly for use in the damage championships , we reserve to demand that the levy of the lottery return to the council of the championships . then , they may face the possible cancellation of the prequalification of the competition , or even the penalty of the competition in 2008 , which was even cancelled by the levy of the voting qualifications .
the two sides have already agreed to hold the first round of talks on the issue of the " east turkistan " missile .
the ship of kelly , the cotland team did not know about this information , but the kickoff wheel has no fluke in the hammer , with no magnitude .
( wang yuan )
experts believe that while the mere of insurance will not divert the domestic stock market funds in the short term ,
chinanews , july 30
according to a report by china securities news , the " interim procedures for the management of investment in foreign insurance funds " were recently promulgated , and insurance funds have a broader space for the use of the capital market .
china 's top investment official liu lefei believes that the appreciation of the rmb and the improvement of the domestic capital market will not be possible in the short term through foreign exchange purchase , which also means that investment outside the country will not divert domestic stock markets funds in the short term .
it was reported that many insurance companies held the same view .
experts said that since there is no renminbi product market , insurance institutions are not able to resort to risk means , and the time for large - scale purchases of foreign currency is not yet ripe .
liu lefei said : in the long run , in the aspect of asset allocation , overseas investment should account for a certain proportion of the overall allocation of insurance companies .
however , in view of the relatively large pressure of appreciation of the rmb at present , china will mainly use its own foreign exchange funds to invest overseas .
foreign exchange procurement projects that invest overseas should be handled with caution under the current circumstances .
( shang mai )
china 's direct loss of 52.5 - billion yuan this year
this reporter learned from the general headquarters for flood control and drought resistance that , as of july , the whole country was hit by 18 million mu , of which 54.14 million mu were caused by floods , 1.19.15 million people were affected , 652 died of disaster , and 45.5 million yuan were direct economic losses .
the area of farmland affected by drought across the country is 140 million mu , with people reporting for the great drought in the great drought .
in july , the national general headquarters for flood prevention and drought control made urgent arrangements in light of the current severe flood prevention and drought control situation .
it requires that all provinces along the huaihe river and the general headquarters strengthen their defense during the retreat period , guard against the enemy 's water , and seize the overall victory in flood prevention .
in conjunction with the finance ministry and other departments , the national flood control and drought control headquarters has sent three work teams to guide flood prevention and drought control work .
currently , the battle of curing on flood is operating in an intense and orderly manner , and the operation of the huaihong new river is leaking , henan , anhui , anhui , henan , anhui , sina , jiangsu , and hammer , on the songdynasty .
the big stick is not big .
in accordance with the plan , heilongjiang , jiangxi , and other provinces have launched anti - drought contingency response and the anti - drought work is being carried out in an intense and orderly manner .
the united states and china are expected to sign a memorandum of understanding ( mou ) on cooperation in the field of energy and technology .
chen shui - bian secretly criticized the taiwan " judicial yuan " for interfering in the election and denied and asked him to explain it .
in july , the online bulldozer chen shui - bian [ chen shuibian ] questioned the judicial personnel on the island who attempted to involve themselves in the taiwan regional leadership election .
the administration of taiwan 's presidential expedition , high t kumchi , said on the same day that the current performance of island 's judges is not in keeping with what chen shui - bian said , and asked chen shui - bian to give an explanation of his explanation .
according to a report in taiwan 's " kung pao " , chen shui - bian questioned the judge 's prosecutor or investigators on 30 july . due to political factors or election considerations , it has intervened and even attempted to influence election activities of various party candidates , saying that he hopes this phenomenon will not exist in taiwan , but it is very difficult to do so .
in response to chen shui - bian 's doubts , taiwan 's president levin responded to the election of secretary general fan kuang - chiu , while the speaker of the house of justice , fan kuang - ch ' un , represented the democratic progressive party [ dpp ] , spoke on the occasion of the democratic progressive party [ dpp ] in the legislative yuan .
kao kongzhi said that the fundamental law and the code of judges on the taiwan straits have all declared that they should exceed the party 's requirements , and they should not take part in party activities , while judges are very cautious about observing the related rules and making known that they are very good for the judges to be held accountable in judicial binding .
kao jin - che pointed out : kaohsiung , while sikao chang , joined the kaduna school curriculum a few years ago , because the courses concerned have a color of political parties and a decision of the self - discipline committee , which is composed of judges .
zhang shengxi once wanted to join the democratic progressive party [ dpp ] , but he also decided to give up his position in the election because of his disputes over his post .
gao jinchi held that if it is a case for a few cases , it will not be easy to rely on the ruling results alone to judge the judge 's other political intentions .
germany to reduce threshold for the introduction of professional personnel
the first batch of new aircraft carrier formation of the pla is expected to be launched in berlin , july 1 .
german minister of education and scientific research shayun said recently that germany should lower the " method " for limiting the conditions for introducing foreign professional personnel , and resolve the problems facing germany 's professional talent problems by increasing the introduction of foreign talent .
the oecd report said germany 's trade deficit with countries aged 15 to 64 will fall year by year .
if there are enough immigrants , then the labor force in germany will be 6 percent less than the current figure .
however , the german federation of employers and the german engineers association reported that engineers have made great achievements in the current labor market in germany .
the labor department reported that in may this year , the labor market in germany had a total of 127,000 workers , with around 10,000 technicians supplying around 9,600 workers .
germany is playing an important role in protecting its own people 's employment and introducing foreign talent .
germany 's " on the method " stipulates that professional personnel from non - eu countries are not less than 850,000 euros in germany , otherwise they cannot obtain the permission for working and living in germany .
sha wan suggested that this limit be lowered to around euro .
do not superstitious theories on law ;
the " draft law on lawyers " recently submitted to the npc standing committee for examination and approval stipulates that those who have engaged in professional work such as teaching on law , and who have reached the high level of professional proficiency such as senior officials or academicians , and who applied for a lawyer 's business may be allowed to practise as lawyers after being examined and approved by the judicial administrative department of the state council .
( china 's " on june 28 " ;
there are many legal problems , such as the restraints on the theoretical circle and the limitations of the united states , which mainly includes legal teaching and research work , etc. , while the more is engaged in legal inquiries , legal services , and other specific actions , such as legal services , etc. , in litigation .
for a long time , the theoretical circle of restraints on the circle of legal circles and the phenomenon of lingman , while the theoretical circle of the theoretical circle believes that the lack of necessary confidence in the field of actual lacking necessary trust , and only the mere formosa is of the democratic party .
the law can do whatever it can to keep the mere mere of the differences in the division of labor , and not to support each party with its support .
however , the binding of lawyers ' law has objectively recognized the legal theory in the process of reviewing law , which is higher than the legal profession 's judgment .
in fact , some people engaged in research on legal system and international laws and teaching purely , and their theories are much different from those of law .
in this way , the imperial system of the " imperial taxation " has undoubtedly opened up a very bad curtain on the bad curtain of the extremely bad influence .
on the theoretical circle of ours , superstition is more than these , such as experts and experts ' proof of this will often affect or even reject court verdicts , and it is also a direct expression of this superstition .
encourage chinese - funded ships to fly over the sea ;
staff report , feng lei ,
judging from the state council 's brief meeting held in lushan , china will implement the special plan for the special registration of international shipping companies with foreign capital , and encourage chinese - funded enterprises that returned to china to register their ships and sail after they have obtained the prc 's trust and sailed through them .
to further promote the healthy development of china 's maritime transport industry and increase the country 's wheels , it is aimed at making use of the information generated by china 's participation in international navigation ships that have a considerable number of international shipping companies registered and hanging overseas . the ministry of communications recently issued a public announcement on the initial public announcement on the china - funded international shipping vessel operation t . the state clearly understands the conditions and procedures for the special policies and application procedures on the application of the special
the application for ships can choose shanghai 's tianjin municipality dalian to register ships .
britain cuts terrorist attack on its back on its back
xinhua news agency , london , july 5 , by wire ( reporter lin guo )
the british government 's move to reduce its terrorist attack level from the highest level to the severe curt on the level of terrorist attacks in britain , but will not happen soon , but still can launch an attack on the very likely attack on the island .
at present , the british police are shifting the scope of investigation to india and australia .
because of the eight arrested suspects of terrorist attacks , they are all working in a medical system , the government will conduct an emergency review of the background of the migrant immigrants who are working in the medical system .
it is reported that nearly locomotives in britain 's public medical system have been admitted abroad .
the prime minister also asked to investigate high - tech immigration backgrounds , and employers or relevant organizations will be asked to provide information on the background of the survey .
do n't let business people take trouble
while talking about tourism , it is loosening itself to the maximum extent and enjoying the natural benefits and social civilization .
but many people are experiencing this kind of pain when traveling in the country , and are busy around and chasing around by business dealers and intermediary business .
whether it is a car or a train , it is always a big trouble for a small dealer and a small car to get into trouble by driving off the corpse of an unlicensed intermediary .
it is not selling the lotus sprinkle , selling newspapers and periodicals , and even making false appearances in tcu , even brick cards , etc.
if you do n't accept it , he can chase you several hundred meters , and if you are not successful , then you will be benevolent .
many of them have similar feelings in the wind , curt , many .
before entering the gate , some people came to stop their travel and make them a little bit .
after entering the door , this situation became even more serious . no matter how good yaxing was , it was confused and unthinkable .
some media reported that many foreign tourists to xian expressed their appreciation of the ancient silt in xian , but they also showed great concern for the number of petty hawks who have been allowed to reap a lot of money .
these include the curt on the train , which is a trip and the place of transportation and quiet , and the place should be civilized , orderly , harmonious , and a quiet environment for the quiet environment .
the free flow of business dealers , while disclosing the confusion in their minds , objectively destroying these public order , forming a new situation of polluting and environmental pollution , and providing them with favorable conditions and opportunities for them .
what is important is that these achievements are the window for building spiritual civilization in hong kong , while cognition of the whole panthers , the loss is not only an image issue but also an impact on local economic development .
just think , if you want to make a big and strong tourism industry , but use this chaotic and irrational tourist environment to greet the guests coming to the south and to the north , who would like to come ?
how do you achieve economic results in your tourism ?
with the arrival of the peak tourist season , it will create a civilized tourist environment for tourists from northern and southern tianta .
while making things easier , the operation of petty hawkers should be standardized , and uncertified operations should be resolutely abolished , and illegal activities should be resolutely cracked down on .
only by creating a civilized and orderly environment can we make ourselves happy and bring prosperity to our hearts .
do n't let the merchants come to bear in mind .
the united states has not rewarded the benefits of the poor .
the construction streets in beijing 's dongcheng district , using electronic bulk and other items as a reward for 12 low - income families who voluntarily retreat .
( " xin jing bao " 10 july )
this author is happy for the improvement of the family life , but it still shows some good news about the initial retreat of the linger , and still the practice of rewarding the old with the result that it is complicated .
the deputy director of the chihun street office said that in response to the problems of cheating and low - guarantee , this was a good example for other low - income households .
if it is to encourage other low - income insurers to extricate themselves from their predicament through their own efforts , then it is worth advocating that if it is to use this to sneak those who have been trying to swindle those who have long been trying to keep low - income guarantees , they are not some naive .
while differentiating and clearing the loop to lower households , it is more dependent on the law .
the departments concerned should strengthen the management of low - income households that they must perform when enjoying the minimum insurance coverage : if they promptly report on changes in family members and income , report on the employment situation , and accept reexamination on a regular basis , the departments concerned should step up supervision and inspection .
after all , it is a long - term plan to restrain itself according to law .
the neighborhood reward the family that retired from the guarantee and give them a reward , who is the one who buried the card ?
neighborhood is a primary government organization , and its expenditure is borne by fiscal appropriations .
and the money of the taxpayers should not be used ?
on the one hand , families withdrawing from the minimum guarantee have proved that they have a certain self - sufficient ability , while on the other hand , do n't the people applying for low - income insurance still exist ?
the government appropriated funds , which are called the money - saving funds , should be used in the snow - covered but not for the brocade .
liu dianyi 's wish to serve this is even more
on 10 july , the first public confidence in the county of lujiu in the new metropolitan area , in the new territories , liu diyi , accepted for the fourth time a democratic election after taking office , reaching 97.7 percent .
after the reporter had a dialogue with liu dianyi , liu diyi positioned himself as a service provider .
( yesterday 's " xin jing bao " )
liu yi 's service on the card may be greater than some appointment systems of cadres . the service of cadres in the system is even more true . it makes people feel even more fluent .
the system of appointments in direct elections is most extensive in comparison with the system of direct elections . the former is mainly decided by ordinary party members on the source of power , and the latter is mainly appointed by upper - level organizations , and the direction of the source of power has determined that the former must be held responsible to the people first .
the source of power and the responsibility to whom it is the fundamental factor that determines how the person elected will carry out his work .
some people doubt the democratic bull , which is even more like a democratic curtain .
my view is that it is like this democratic form , which is better than not .
considering the historical and current situation of china 's grassroots democratic political construction , i think that the public referendum direct election has already become a major breakthrough , and democratic is a major component of this breakthrough , which is not to be underestimated in promoting the building of grassroots democratic politics .
india to elect first female presidential analyst says there is a greater possibility of getting elected , while female voters hope to raise their status as women .
on 23 june , in front of the presidential candidate 's document , paek was in favor of 10 .
the curtain opened on the 19th of the indian presidential election . the new president will be elected under the leadership of incumbent vice president shevardnadat and the governor of ljajarta state who resigned recently .
patmi is the first female presidential candidate in india 's history . if she is elected , she will become india 's first female president .
patsimon is the presidential candidate of the ruling national congress party , while shy kawatt comes from the opposition party 's people 's party .
because the congress party has an advantage in the presidential election , the media and the public are busy reading it one after another , and the possibility of its election is quite great .
pascal lamy , 72 , is the governor of larry jastantine state .
her lawyer , while on the congress , she has rich experience in her work as governor of the state of larjana , she was cursed by the government .
she also devoted herself to social welfare , which was a glory of many cultural education and social welfare organizations .
analysts pointed out that park has become a candidate because she has unswervingly stayed in the indian national congress party chairman sonia gandhi .
in india , the kennedy family has long controlled the ruling national congress party .
" it was a big support for female voters , " said pachun , who believes that while discriminating against female females , the palmes will make women 's image higher in india .
the constitution stipulates that india is a federal state and the heads of state in the name of the president are the masters of the country , not representing any party , and more is a symbol .
( yan ying ;
the united states supports the palestinian government in expelling extremists .
xinhua news agency , washington , july 22 ( reporter xu qisheng )
us president bush said on 21 july that the united states will fully support the pakistani government in sowing down its bases and the radicals on the way out from the border area between pakistan and afghanistan .
bush said in a weekly broadcast speech that on the same day that according to the new us intelligence , the + military base organized on the us military base in pakistan and afghanistan found the weekly security around the clock .
he expressed concern about this , saying that he is very worried about it .
bush said that the united states will continue to support pakistani president musharraf and will persist in holding the struggle with the bases and armed elements .
the " national intelligence assessment " report recently published by the united states points out that the muslim armed forces are in particular , the binding organization of the islamic armed forces is still posing a threat to the united states .
musharraf and some of the tribal leaders in the northern region reached a consensus last september on guarding against the restraints on the cast and the movement of members of the alliance of the company 's armed forces in northern pakistan . the agreement did not achieve the expected results .
the initial result is that they do not want or do not have the ability to defend the security of the region .
in his speech on the early recording of the new law , bush said musharraf is taking positive steps to correct this mistake .
the united states hopes that the dprk nuclear agreement can be fully implemented
xinhua news agency , washington , july 24 ( reporter xu qisheng )
us assistant secretary of state ms. m. s. kelly said on 23 march that the six - party talks on the dprk nuclear issue held last week were very important , and the first time the meeting made real progress , but this was only the initial action of implementing the agreement .
the united states very much hopes that the " 19 september joint statement " and the " 23 february joint document " for resolving the nuclear issue on the dprk will be fully implemented .
" we are not going to stop the battle for the nuclear issue on the korean peninsula , " he said at a press conference here on tuesday .
he hoped that the parties concerned would fully fulfill the commitments made at the six - party talks on the dprk nuclear issue within one year .
hill also said that during the talks on security and energy issues , the us - dprk and japan - dprk working groups will discuss the issues awaiting solution in the us - dprk bilateral relations .
the climate change has led to the rapid reduction of alps ' glaciers
in july geneva , 25 july , this reporter xie jun
swiss institute 's ice - chuan expert has long been following research and discovered that in 1850 to loiter , the average annual volume of glaciers in switzerland is shrinking at a rate of 3-3 percent .
the mere muddy , which has melted the alps glaciers by 1.88 percent .
experts believe that by the year 210,000 , if the global temperature increases , the glacier will be reduced by 5 percent compared with the current ; yet , the figure will completely thaw over the current figure of 5 .
aleac glaciers are europe 's longest glaciers and are listed on the un 's world heritage organization , but the world heritage site has decreased by 100 meters in one year from 2006 to 2006 , while protection has reduced by 100 meters , and protection has reached the mt of the back to the earth .
the picture is a 23 - kilometer - long alleych glaciers .
photo by liu jun
each of the beijing olympic games hate a civilized consumer .
beijing , july 30
according to a report by reporter liang jie from the china consumer association , at the first anniversary of the opening of the 29 th olympic games , the city 's consumer rights association , beijing 's consumer association , consumer protection consumer protection committee of shanghai consumer protection association , the consumer rights protection association , has made it to the consumer association of qin the dubai consumer association and the consumer rights protection organization of consumers . the consumer has proposed to consumers that we should use our civilization and civilization to protect our cities '
the proposal put forward : from the perspective of our awareness of the humanistic olympic games , learning ceremonies , raising civilization , practicing civilization , practicing civilization standards , abiding by society , and being a civilized consumer who knows the great things ;
enhance the sense of green olympics , cherish the ecological environment , cherish them , actively promote sustainable consumption , and become a consumer advocating green consumption ;
establish the awareness of practicing thrift and change the concept of consumption ; blindly panickly resist extravagance and waste and become rational consumers with scientific consumer concept ;
we should raise our awareness of safeguarding the rights and interests of consumers , take the initiative to participate in social supervision , conscientiously respect intellectual property rights , correctly understand rights and obligations , and act as a rational consumer who acts on the market according to law and exercises reasonable rights ;
promoting the muddy spirit and the positive participation awareness , propagating the olympic ideal , and being a disseminator of the olympic spirit .
the " red company " hong kong 's weather celebrated the return of hong kong ten years ago
on 1 july , the international police ring of the lingyin temple in nanjing was once again sounded around the clock .
this thick historical echo passed on television to link the mainland and hong kong residents together with hong kong compatriots on the same occasion , celebrating the 10 th anniversary of hong kong 's return to the motherland together with the people of hong kong .
on july 1 10 , the jing hai temple in nanjing was resounding 155 times over the rock house of jinghai monastery . the epilion is a historical circle of the + hong kong island .
big , binding , people from all walks of life in nanjing society , they said that they would stop this sounding of the world through their own glowing , always warning themselves and not forget history .
the clock around 1.842 meters tall , while the eye of 1842 is in the midst of the eruption of the " nanjing treaty " .
the shoulder of the clock is 1.997 meters , while the mere of the ray is the back of hong kong .
the planning and the cast of the police at that time , wang fengling explained that the five - page chung was composed of bronze bell , with a bronze belt of high floating sculptures and two dragon - tling balls , symbolizing that hong kong is the motherland 's mint in the east . finally , the rhythm of the nanjing city bronze was chosen as the glaze - sk of the " mi " of
the first proposal of the then democratic party to build the alarm bell , yu shengdong , said : " we have been talking about it in hong kong for 10 years after hong kong 's return . he hopes that hong kong will be able to make a mimicon tomorrow , like the one on which it will be able to make it around tomorrow .
( end ) ( zhu xiaoying and liu yang )
the russian security agency accused the unpopulous boss of " plotting to contain " on the signboard
the russian oligarchy , a widow in exile in london , announced on 2 july that the russian federal security agency had formally submitted a new charge against his party , accusing him of plotting state - to - state violence by bmw hatkov to seize the russian regime .
borowov pointed out that berlusconi said in an interview with the british newspaper " guardian " in april this year that he was preparing to launch a large - scale house in russia , confirming that he was providing financial support to the rightwing elite representatives who opposed the authorities ' policy .
the russian federal security bureau 's reconnaissance bureau immediately followed article 278 of the " russian federation criminal law " to launch a criminal investigation of the bidding of the defendants , and recently formally submitted to the moscow savilov court the relevant accusation .
it is reported that the russian federal procuratorate put forward a criminal case accusation against him in february 2006 . based on the fact that a scanty exile also confirmed in an interview that he attempted to seize russian political power by force .
because he has been in exile abroad and is unable to extradite him , in january 2007 the russian side suspended the investigation of the case .
on 2 july , the moscow savitaliyev court began to hear a criminal case against the unofficial candidate . the russian procuratorate accused belzovsky of embezzling 214 million rubles of russian airline company , money laundering , and money laundering of 16 million rubles . after hearing the decision , the court decided to postpone the investigation of the court until 12 july . the defendant appointed national defense counsel here .
but he said that these were meant to contain itself and did not allow his defense counsel to participate in the activities .
( bi yuan )
guangxi 's burden posts subject to administrative efficiency supervision 619 people are investigated and held accountable
since the beginning of this year , various localities and departments in guangxi have launched campaigns to change cadres ' work style and strengthen administrative efficiency . when the first question of the responsibility system was made , the " three systems " were held accountable , and 33 key examination and approval departments directly under the autonomous region were included in administrative efficiency supervision networks .
as of now , 619 people have been investigated and held accountable .
on 5 july , the reporter learned from the discipline inspection commission of the autonomous region that guangxi has initially formed a administrative efficiency monitoring network in the autonomous region 's lingyun county , and strengthened supervision over key departments ' responsibilities on key departments ' work . the 14 electronic supervision systems have all been linked with the autonomous region 's network .
the autonomous region 's electronic monitoring system for administrative efficiency has directly connected the functions and functions of 33 departments directly under the autonomous region directly under the direct supervision of the investment environment and the masses of the people to further standardize the procedures for examination and approval and improve the efficiency of examination and approval .
at the same time , discipline inspection and supervision organs at all levels in guangxi have seriously investigated and handled cases involving damaging the masses ' efficiency in work style . as of now , they conducted investigations and verified 11,000 cases , and investigated and closed 769 cases , and held accountable the responsibility of 619 of 5,84 units .
ma xiuyi , secretary of the standing committee of the party committee on the taxation reform , said on 5 april that administrative efficiency supervision is a work that accompanies administrative activities from beginning to end and that a long - term mechanism should be gradually formed .
guangxi should further improve various kinds of administrative management systems and establish and improve the mechanisms and support mechanisms for supervising administrative efficiency , and should standardize efficiency supervision on the track of systematization , further standardize the supervision and inspection procedures , and improve the mechanism for handling complaints and evaluating results .
the united states and china are expected to reach a new level of cooperation in the field of energy .
nato does not rule out the possibility of cooperating with the united states on the abm issue
nato information officer , simona de manso , in an interview with xinhua on 9 august , said that it is not ruled out that it is possible to make the us anti - missile system connected with nato 's self - defense system .
simona delamuso said nato is currently studying the us anti - missile plan , hoping that the us anti - missile base will cover all european allies .
she said : nato has its own theater missile defense system and has started discussing the establishment of a strategic missile defense system , linking the us abm system with nato 's own defense system is impossible .
she also said that the united states ' plan to build an antimissile system in europe will be timely used to exchange information with russia through various channels .
the united states and china are expected to sign a memorandum of understanding ( mou ) on the establishment of a joint venture between the two countries .
two jordanian people sentenced for planning attacks on americans
two jordanian men were sentenced to death on november 11 for plotting an attack on the americans in jordan .
the two men , both 25 - year - old , a man in a hurricane huttali , were sentenced to eight years in prison and forced labor service , while another man was sentenced to three years in prison and forced labor service by a man in the country .
the court said that hutari was also charged with illegal holding of jewellery , and police discovered a submachine gun while searching his eyes .
the court originally decided to punish ho ta - li for life , and then considered a chance for him to change the hammer , which will be reduced for eight years .
the indictment said that the two defendants decided to pour on the bullied muslims who were attacked by us agents after the iraq war , and therefore plotted americans who lived in jordan .
in august 2006 , they checked a name in amman , the capital of jordan , but failed to stop the attack .
the indictment did not make public the identity of the americans .
the indictment also accused the two defendants of planning to attack other americans , but did not reveal details .
the united states and china are expected to sign a memorandum of understanding ( mou ) on cooperation in the field of energy and environmental protection .
diabetes drug and dysfunction reports on adverse reactions have increased substantially
according to reports by us media on 15 june , the adverse reactions of heart disease and other problems caused by diabetes drug and literature have recently shown a big upward trend in the united states .
the us food and drug administration issued a safety warning in may this year , suggesting that diabetes patients should be careful in writing because scientists made a research report in the may 21 issue of the new " new medicine magazine " said that this kind of gluttonous drug sales will substantially increase the incidence and exposure of patients with heart diseases .
therefore , wen di 's curtain has drawn close attention from doctors and patients .
statistics show that about one month after the safety warnings were issued , the us drug authority received 357 clauses of articles and elegant , 38 of which were reports of death .
in january and february this year , the authority received only 50 and 73 adverse reactions respectively .
these adverse reactions are lightly up to the bubble and heavy to sudden heart attacks .
however , the drug experts of the us drug administration believe that now they have reached a conclusion that dieliais is not safe .
the authority will hold a seminar on july 30 on the texas ' curt .
in 1999 , the curtain reached on emperor hump was applied to curt curay .
there are about 6 million diabetic patients in the world who have taken it or are taking it in vinia .
the british gray greenspan scott has always thought that language is safe and that it is more than a bad for the patient .
us wants to resume middle east peace talks
us president bush delivered a speech in washington on 16 july , calling for a international conference on the palestinian - israeli issue to invite israel to train some arab countries around israel and other relevant countries in palestine this year to jointly promote the resumption of the middle east peace process .
on 17 july , bush also called egyptian president mubarak on tuesday narrowing the second round of jewish settlements in jordan and king king of saudi arabia , asking them to respond positively to the proposal and take practical action to support abbas , chairman of the palestinian national authority , and help palestine and israel resume peace talks at an early date .
abbas said the plo central committee will discuss the palestinian elections ahead of schedule .
on 18 july , palestinian national authority chairman abbas said in ramallah that the central committee of the palestinian liberation organization ( plo ) was opened on the same day , and the meeting will discuss the issue of holding elections of the palestinian national authority and the legislative council ahead of schedule .
abbas said that he was very pleased to meet with senior eu representative in charge of foreign affairs and security affairs in ramallah on the same day and said at a joint press conference held later that if the baptist organization decides that the chairman will release the legal powers to release the order , which will be released very soon .
at the same time , abbas was satisfied with the relations between the palestinian national authority and the eu .
he said : the palestinian side welcomes the understanding of the eu measures taken by the palestinian presidential government .
abbas urged the eu to continue providing humanitarian aid to the palestinian people in gaza .
the statement reiterated the eu 's support for abbas and the palestinian people .
he said : the relevant issues in the middle east ( united nations , the united states and russia ) will hold a meeting on 19 july to discuss the issue of restarting the middle east peace process . there may be proposals in the next few days .
according to joe , the eu holds a positive attitude toward the deployment of international forces in gaza , but it still needs to discuss with other parties , especially with the united nations .
china 's industrial output is expected to rise by 8 percent in the first quarter of this year , according to the report released by the state administration of taxation .
jiangxi will provide water for 30 years of rural health talent
for a long time , a large number of professional health technical personnel in rural areas have contributed to the health of the peasants at the grassroots level and their health years .
jiangxi province recently decided to levy a 30 - year - old certificate for health professionals in rural areas to engage in 30 - year honorary medical service in rural areas .
according to the jiangxi provincial health department , the number of people engaged in health care work in hospitals in townships and towns run by the government has educational academic qualifications at and above the secondary specialized level in medicine and higher technical personnel at and above the primary level . all those who have been continuously or merged with township health institutes , township and town brain prevention groups , and fengcun village , who have worked for 30 years , are all on the job of health and professional technical personnel on the list
the final calculation time for the first group of confirmation was at the end of july .
for qualified rural health personnel , jiangxi province has issued 30 - year honorary awards for health workers in rural areas , and outside the rating of the rating of honorary ceremonies for 30 years , it will give priority consideration to them in the examination and assessment of them in favor of them .
the high - tech examination will only pass the examination , and the examination will be conducted on a trial basis with actual work capabilities , appropriately loosening the conditions for scientific research theses and avoiding examination of qualifications , thus giving priority to the application after gaining qualifications .
the jiangxi provincial health department will arrange certain quotas for vacation and provide certain funding .
starting this year , jiangxi province will launch a drive to train rural public health workers for 30 years of honorary awards for each of the two years .
the united states and china are expected to sign a memorandum of understanding ( mou ) on cooperation in the field of energy and environmental protection .
us defense department reconsiders plans to cut us troops in europe
a us defense department official said on 23 march that due to changes in the iraq war and the world situation , the us defense department is considering a plan to cut the us military presence in europe by about half .
the us media quoted a defense department official as saying that since the iraq war is still going on and relations between russia and iran are deteriorating , the defense department has raised doubts about the feasibility of reducing the european military presence plan .
in addition , defense secretary donald rumsfeld announced that the united states will increase the number of troops stationed in europe from 11.5 to 7.71 before 2012 , and build a smaller house of troops with a smaller size of around 0.25 percent .
at present , the total number of us troops stationed in europe has dropped to around the corner .
however , in june this year , commander of the us european command , jeffrey koeke , submitted a report to the current defense minister , asking questions about the reduction plan .
the report said that while the us forces stationed in europe and europe are reducing their troops , many troops are being deployed in iraq and afghanistan in turn , causing shortage of us military personnel in europe and making it impossible for them to carry out normal cooperation with their european allies .
the report suggests that the plan to cut down the us forces stationed in europe should be stopped .
relevant us experts believe that the above phenomenon shows that the iraq war has dragged on for a long time to disrupt the original readjustment plan of the us military .
the united states and china should strengthen cooperation in the field of energy , energy , energy , and energy .
shandong 's jiaozhou promotes security - related movies to enter communities to launch a campaign on construction sites
people 's daily online , july 26 ( reporter song xuechun , fan zhongliang )
in order to deepen the traffic on the cities ' civilization and increase the public 's awareness of the rule of law and traffic safety , enhance their awareness of observing the law , and make sure that the traffic will be turned into a city in jiaozhou city on july 20 ( wednesday ) in the curtain of the kelly square of the chia lok square on the morning of july 21 , the " blue chiyun " square of the chia - chiao town of the donglan film
before the movie starts , the " bull protection of life " printed by the " blue curt " , a letter to the general public , and some propaganda materials were released to the public , and broadcast " warnings of life " and " road of school " traffic feature films .
the curtain of the film has shocked the public , and the curtain has played a very great warning role one after another .
in particular , the special feature film " road to school " has made it easy to understand the gloomy format and receive profound education .
the film attracted more than 3,000 residents around the square to watch . in particular , some young people and migrant workers from jiaozhou are sitting in the center of the site to watch with great relish .
through the delivery of transportation safety films to the community ( boot ) , the public can enjoy the same benefits as in the cooler construction site and receive a profound education on traffic safety .
china 's catering industry to be open to public
in order to better implement the " food hygiene law " and the " decision on further strengthening food safety work , " the ministry of health has made public health announcements in the " kitty one " in haidian district , jiangsu province , the city of taizhou city in zhejiang province , hangzhou city in zhejiang province , luoyang city in henan province , hubei province , and hainan province 's haytime , and hainan province 's meal service to supervise the work of 10 public health
this system will gradually move toward the nation .
public health supervision system for catering industry is established on the basis of routine health supervision , which makes a general assessment of the health management system of the restaurant 's public health permit management system employees ' health certification of quality food and label , the process of processing of public label processing , the health protection of the venues , health cleaning up the mate , repairing , cleaning , and repairing , the food processing , and food processing facilities .
it is reported that the public announcement will adopt the unified pattern and pattern specified by the ministry of health , which will cover the results of on - site inspection of nine health conditions , and make comprehensive evaluation of the results of the on - site health supervision preliminary investigation , bearing the name of the supervisor and the reporting results .
the united states and china should strengthen cooperation in the field of energy and other fields .
un decides to extend peacekeeping mission in ethiopia
the un security council unanimously adopted a resolution on 30 july , agreeing to extend the un peacekeeping forces in rica and eritrea to extend their term of six months to january next year .
the resolution urged all parties concerned to honor their commitments , exercise restraint , ease the tense situation , and avoid sensical military activities , and appealed to erika to immediately pull its troops and military equipment out of the temporary security zone , and call for reducing the number of additional military troops deployed in neighboring regions recently in the interim security zone .
the resolution demands immediate concrete steps to enable the eritrean border committee to quickly set the border without the rita , and demands that the eritrea should not stop erecting its operation and operation against ethiopia , and cancel all restrictions on the operation and operations of the eritrea group .
the resolution reiterated its full support for the work of the eritrean border committee and expressed satisfaction with the committee 's decision to hold a meeting with eritrea in new york on september 6 .
in 1998 , eritrea and binding border conflicts erupted , causing many deaths .
in june 2000 , ethiopia and eritrea signed a ceasefire agreement in algeria 's capital of algiers .
the united nations has deployed peacekeeping troops in eritrea since july 2001 to oversee the implementation of the cease - fire agreement .
china 's economy is growing rapidly , says wang xiangjiang
the national county level touring to greet the opening of the olympic games
chengdu , 30 june ( jiefangjun bao )
xing lun , reporter tian yuan reported : to implement the spirit of the party central committee 's instructions on building a harmonious socialist society , to coordinate with the construction of the new socialist countryside , the whole people and the olympic delegation 's main themes , enriching cultural life of the masses , and welcoming the olympic games across the country , on 30 july , the curtain opened in dudu city 's two - city battle curtain .
the six - day event attracted more than 10 county - level men from various parts of the country to participate in the event .
according to the regulations , athletes who participate in this competition must be cast on their competitors over the age of 18 .
the national sports general administration of china will continue to play a leading role in curing the difficulties encountered by athletes and professional athletes .
the competition adopted the latest " bull rules " approved by the china association for short - term research , and the competition was divided into two stages .
the competition was jointly held by the china national sports administration association and china international sports travel company , etc.
in recent years , the two - flow counties , which have a year of looming history , have developed rapidly . they have successively won national advanced sports stories , including the national advanced sports units of the masses across the country , including the national advanced sports units of the masses .
in the construction of new rural areas , in particular , shuangluan county has vigorously implemented sports for peasants , and has made the construction of sports facilities in rural areas embellished the green light of the green curtain , built the stadium in rural areas , built it around the peasants , let the rural areas , actively popularized the idea of participating in sports activities and activities with the active participation of the farmers and improving the quality of the farmers .
the three major functions of modern military uniforms
first , recognition function .
different countries ' military systems , different arms of services , and different types of troops , are important indicators of the military and the people .
in the world , the military of more than 100 countries , big and small , is basically the same in military uniform . however , there is no military uniform of two countries , and it is completely the same .
second is symbolic functions .
to a certain extent , military uniforms are not only a reflection of the national spirit of a country 's but also a concentrated embodiment of the ability of a country 's military to fight a battle , but also a concentrated embodiment of the ability of a country 's military troops to fight a battle .
on the rotating curtains on the three major categories of military uniforms , the best indication of the democratic movement of the united states , which has brought the curtain of the arms on the arms .
third , protection functions .
with the rapid development of new and high - tech weaponry , the comprehensive protection function of new - type military uniform has enabled them to resist bullets , detecting bullets , defense against the radiation of bacterial bacterial radiation , and the many different functions of muddy and wet air - conditioning , etc. , have become the most important issue in the development of military uniform .
( shi wei )
the party committee organs of a certain brigade handled the issue of arms and ammunition .
chengdu , 3 jul ( jiefangjun bao )
ms gruoom yang ruiyu reported that we can stay on the house and benefit from the determination and courage of the party committee organs of the big team , mr qu mi , in the house .
today , more than 10 soldiers from a communications training battalion under the chengdu military region moved around their homes to express their joy over the party committee of the big team , which has resolved the problems one after another , having the courage to deal with real problems , a strong work style that is tough compared with real ones , and full of respect and appreciation .
a few years ago , along with personnel 's expectation , some of the houses of this group 's home buildings were taken over by regulations , causing the problem of the housing of the on - the - job cadres and the officers and men to have a greater opinion on this .
the battalion also cleared several houses and all had to be settled because of various obstructions , thus making the problem a big and old problem .
to make it easier for others to do than for real ones , it will not be able to resolve difficulties .
the new party committee leadership has reached a consensus that it has personally made a decision on thoroughly sorting out all problems in the occupation of houses in violation of rules and regulations .
on the one hand , they curt on the wheel , hope on the staff concerned , while on the other hand they talk about the relevant policy regulations on clearing the armed forces ' housing rentals and raising funds for the economy , indicating the firm resolve and principled stand of the party committee .
for some homes that are not willing to surrender to other places , party committee organs promptly made contact with the units they belong to and adopted corresponding measures to urge them to take the initiative to cooperate with the work of the troops .
after two months of meticulous work , all houses that had been registered in the industry were moved out of their houses in violation of regulations . cadres in the regiment were assigned housing according to regulations .
the party committee of this unit has the courage to confront real and tough work styles and has also produced a curt effect . the cadres who originally were unwilling to actively cooperate with the organization have now expressed their willingness to obey the organization 's decision .
chinese senior official meets bangladesh guests
beijing , 9 jul ( jiefangjun bao )
zhang shun reported : while inspecting the air force in beijing today , lieutenant general qiao qingchen , commander of the air force of the chinese people 's liberation army [ pla ] , met with chi osoman , chief of staff of the bangladesh air force , and his party .
qiao said that since the two countries established diplomatic relations , bilateral relations have developed smoothly and high - level exchanges have been frequent , and friendly exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been constantly strengthened .
the two countries have always supported each other in international affairs and in their national construction , and supported each other in helping each other closely .
china appreciates and thanks bangladesh for its support to china on issues such as taiwan 's human rights and tibet .
qiao said that the chinese army treasures the friendly relations with the bangladesh army and hopes that with the joint efforts of both sides , the friendly cooperation between the two armies will be further expanded in the fields and levels , and the friendly exchanges and cooperation between the two air forces will be strengthened so as to raise the friendly cooperative relations between the two armies to a new level .
qi said bangladesh will make efforts to further develop the friendly cooperative relations between the two armed forces , especially the two air forces .
he reiterated that the bangladesh government will , as always , adhere to the one - china policy .
prior to the meeting , qiao held a welcoming ceremony for zobao .
qi and his party arrived here on july 8 for a formal friendly visit to china at the invitation of qiao qingchen .
the designers of the 07 military uniform are invited by the chinese military online
beijing , july 13 ( jiefangjun bao ) -- report by reporter yang baojin and reporter liu xinxin : the pla units will be changing their uniform from 1 august .
this evening , the chinese military network specially invited military supplies to be used by chen jun , deputy director of the equipment bureau , and senior engineer of the us military equipment research institute , the su yang , a designer of the us military uniform , as a guest of the chinese people . this has aroused a response among netizens in the internet users in the process of developing new military uniforms and in the background of making up the new military uniform .
the two guests are mr. xu xixin 's direct research and development of the 2007 military uniform .
speaking about changes in the new uniform , they said that the 07 - type military uniform is particularly used in changing the 97 - type military uniform , and it is held in the series of military uniform , including the series of old - type rough - type formations , and so on , as many as several hundred improvements .
the biggest feature of the 07 style military uniform is that it reflects the system of managing the system while transforming the functions of the system onto the human body . for the first time , the pla 's military uniform system has met the standards of coordinating the three armed forces , with the combined varieties of the three armed forces , and has reached the standards of coordinating the three varieties of the armed forces , indicating that the level of the army 's military uniform construction has achieved a historical leap .
the two honorable guests also exchanged views on the ray of new military uniforms , the narrowly - shaped design , and other issues with netizens .
this time , the online , made up of china 's military network and china 's new wave network , was jointly held by china 's online online online .
the military attach ?? platform in jingjiang city has raised the quality of the armed forces .
on the morning of the 25 th , a large - scale demonstration was held in jingji ribao , jiangsu province . officers of the armed forces department of the xilai town , lu yuqing , was named the " winner in psychological warfare under informatized conditions " lecturing students who participated in the training .
this is a new method used by the armed forces departments in integrating their positions with their actual conditions , exerting efforts to improve the overall quality of the officers of the armed forces .
at the beginning of this year , the party committee of the people 's armed forces department discovered during an investigation and study at the grassroots level that some specially - armed cadres were appointed for a long time , while holding posts in the armed forces , they did not devote their main energies to armed work .
therefore , they have adopted the method of concentrated training for cadres in the locality relying on regular training for military cadres in military schools and worked hard to solve problems of unitary quality of specialized military cadres in knowledge .
in connection with the central task , they boldly handed over their jobs to them , thus enhancing their ability to perform duties through on - the - job training .
at the same time , they actively coordinated with local organization departments and jointly formulated a " program for appointing full - time military cadres " , clearly stipulating that armed forces minister enter the party committee leading body and stop taking other positions .
and established a mechanism for readjusting and exchanging cadres of all types of armed forces , so that they could adjust and exchange certain age - old cadres who did not adapt to armed forces at the grassroots level , and select and use comrades who have good overall quality and great work ability .
not long ago , chen yisong , director of the armed forces department of the new century company limited , led the new underwater ship developed by the militia technical detachment , made up of domestic enterprises , and was upgraded to the company 's armed forces department .
good will still start to be good .
judging by the result of the match alone , the 2 - 2 score is reasonable , and it can also be accepted , and the key is the process of the match , so many people feel regretful .
if iran is ahead of the 2 - 0 , then will cause a clumsy score , then china 's feeling is definitely different , it will have a long time , it will be very long , it will be in the opposite state of the country .
good start cannot end . it can be said that it is a old problem .
in fact , it is not a match that is usually a knock on the situation . the general view is that china 's psychological quality is not perfect .
this is indeed a sign that the mere can stop mending .
however , judging from today 's performance , it seems to be not as good as today .
sun jiming , shao jixiang , and others kick zheng jiachi and others , who did not say anything about european sand , li wei - feng and others , who had been old sand fields for a long time , and they saw many things on the sand field , and according to reason , there would not be any problems in their psychological quality .
this muddy was forced to settle by the iranian team , and i am afraid it will be on the stage of deployment of troops .
iran 's team was replaced by two men under backward conditions , and the match was immediately turned into a mere glut .
the lower half was also changed to three presents , but the effect was not good .
to overcome the problem that good is not the only way to solve the problem , we must accurately find the root cause of the problem .
once the problem is accurately identified and the problem is corrected , it is probably not difficult to find out .
they are afraid to seek medical treatment in a hurry .
if this continues , it will play like a big game , and the old problem will make a mistake , and it will not be a further kick that everyone is expecting .
the ministry of public security has awarded the collective second notion to the guangdong border defense general headquarters hospital .
the first batch of new - generation military officers from shenzhen
li guoliang 's huang qi reported : for many years , the border defense hospital of the guangdong general frontier guard corps has exerted efforts to help the poor people in making good medical support for the troops .
this morning , the ministry of public security awarded the second anniversary celebration of the victory of the guangdong border defense general hospital and the advanced deeds of supporting the government and cherishing the people to the meeting to be held in shenzhen .
the border defense general hospital of guangdong has built a harmonious society , successively taking over the bricky dragon in shenzhen , to establish three public security stations specially aimed at the prices of workers from outside the country . the fee for the treatment of migrant workers is only 1 yuan , and the inspection fee can be 10 yuan .
the hospital has specially equipped a bus with a train of transportation for migrant workers to receive free medical treatment and introduced health service cards for migrant workers , which cost only 7 yuan per month for basic medical examination and support .
this measure has benefited farmers more than 12,000 .
from the start , the hospital also launched a large - scale demonstration of the beidling light of 1,000 lights , and eight times sent medical personnel of eye science under to visit the curtain of the red curtain of the moon on the moon , which was delivered to light on the moon , in jiangxi , yunnan , and qinghai , etc. , to tibet , to carry out a round of free and brighter surgery , making the patient see the light again .
the armed police force will replace the 07 garments with on 1 august .
beijing , july 19 ( jiefangjun bao ) -- report by liu zhifeng from zhang jianjun : the armed police force will continue to change its 07 style clothes beginning on august 1 .
today , this reporter has learned from the 07 - style clothes distribution ceremony of the armed police force and the on - board fashion activities . the 07 - style clothes of the armed police force were presented in a courtesy .
the bullier has changed from the current olive green to the dark - colored olive - shaped green belt , with the side of the pants of the ring - fing rough - up . the overall design is quite strong . the design is strong . the design of the rugby is on the number one type of model , and is based on the national garment standard .
the number of female officers and men on learning about new glasses , eaves , and rays , changing their normal clothes from guan - lead to linear cap , the structure of shine - type hat - shaped , and the traditional shock - style designs of the spring - autumn festival - autumn dress .
the new name - notch general chang added that while the national defense has a binding , and the re - designed label on the white hat , the arms of the new missile have enhanced the bearing of the white string and enhanced the identification function of the apparel . it has enhanced the sense of aesthetics .
the seven - style clothes of the armed police will be replaced in three years .
before 1 august 2007 , it will be together with the national flag and the national flag of the army for the simultaneous delivery of the military band of the military band of the military band , and will make the exchange of gift for cadres and the troops stationed in the beijing area , while the troops stationed in the region will frequently exchange their spring and autumn uniforms and the mark of the soldiers in the spring and autumn season .
in may , he replaced the spring and autumn season with the traditional season of the troops for other troops .
in october , the united states replaced the bulletproof clothing with normal wear .
in december 2009 , soldiers were replaced with winter uniforms .
while training should be subordinated to the season , it should be gradually replaced with the old ones .
the small dissipation of the computer - assisted educational belt of the second artillery corps started to operate
the curtain was raised on the " blue army " education organization of direct units , which is difficult to organize education for units but not for each side to fight , and will become a historical site of a second artillery corps .
the reporter recently learned that after six months of trial implementation , the base has issued the " measures for implementing the ' outline of ideological and political education ' " to cover all the units of small , scattered , and directly administered units of the base , and has already formally started operation .
to promote the effective implementation of the " outline of ideological and political education , " the base organized forces to conduct a deep study of the current ideological and political situation of small - scale education , exerting influence on the education , and restricting the effects of educational personnel on small - scale personnel , and initially formed a new type of educational model of cooperative units of a unit of smaller units and remote - directly under direct command .
the specific method of the cooperation zone is to break down the organizational demarcation line of the unit and designate a regiment level in the relatively centralized film area of small , scattered , and remote units to make unified planning . units with different theme education , different units are close to the same stage to attend classes or are under the discussion of the system with the help of the system .
using the method of making a coma while refusing to use one 's power through competition , distributing educational forces in a unified way , using educational hardware in the zone , sharing and sharing of educational experience with various units ' data data data , and regularly organizing exchanges of reports on typical cases in the area of education to exchange information among officers and men on the spot .
the research institute of the " blue curt " education for teachers and teachers in each cooperative zone has been set up .
on this basis , various cooperative zones have also established a series of difficult problems for seeking help for major educational issues and an urgent system for assessing the results of assessments .
zhang shengmin , director of the base political department , told this reporter that establishing a cooperative zone for political education not only has reduced the waste of educational resources but also has deepened the effects of education .
some political parties are worried about being unable to score points in front of officers and men of units outside the country , and take the initiative to learn new knowledge searching for new methods of education .
the officers and men who have received education have also actively conducted education in their eyes , fearing to say outsiders before the officers and men of neighboring units when discussing and analyzing the contents .
in this way , they have gained the same enthusiasm as others .
the quota for a certain army under the north china sea fleet is all lowered .
in the past few days , the pla units stationed in the northern fleet , a certain deputy chief engineer of the north china sea fleet , led 31 engineers who worked on the frontline for a long time on the beidaihe train with pleasure , taking off on the train on the train on the frontline .
luo xiangming , a class - 6 nco , told this reporter with joy : leaders of the regiment care for soldiers , and after the trip , we will definitely work hard on the stalin !
in addition , the regiment has also sent troops to the grass - roots level for the first time .
not long ago , on behalf of the humble yao xingsheng went deep to the grassroots to see some fighters responsible for work carrying out maintenance work on the glowing of equipment , greatly moved yao qingsheng .
the soldiers forsake their work , and the party committee should care for soldiers and take responsibility for the health of soldiers .
after studying the matter , the party committee decided to distribute all the quotas assigned to the unit at the higher level to the soldiers working on the line .
the handling of the units of a certain unit of the jinan military region has openly made it possible to use the hot spots of the cold ;
staff report
wang weimin reported on 25 july , while lingqiu li , in a series of observations made by a certain unit of the jinan military region , i saw that on 25 july , the personnel 's spending on promotion of cadres to join the party of non - commissioned officers , and other important matters , hanged in the window , with the public display boards hanging in the window .
according to the briefing given by political commissar su chengsen , this is a concrete move taken by the ministry to promote the system of opening government affairs to the public .
to strengthen party conduct and ethical governance construction , the party committee of this unit has formulated a " two - way supervision at the grassroots level of the organs " and other measures , such as " making public announcements on sensitive issues " , demanding that all officers and men make further decisions after the " opinion " is made , and the results of the procedures will be made public , including the results of the procedures for handling affairs , and the results of the procedures will be made public .
the troops set up a check on the public display boards , opening up information on the bulk boards on the bulk , and collecting opinions and suggestions from all sides .
early this year , the renovation project of the soldiers ' dormitory construction started , and the party committee organs solicited the opinions of officers and soldiers , then released the information about the bidding , and implemented open bidding .
it saved money and won the support of officers and soldiers .
the practice of opening up and handling affairs fairly has led to the formation of a fine atmosphere in grassroots units .
in this unit , grass - roots companies , whether they are determined by the hot and sensitive matters , or on small personal leave , while on routine expenses for the day - to - day expenses of individual accounts , all persist in making public the announcements on a regular basis and consciously accept supervision by the masses .
study shows room magnitude with two genes
london , july 2 ( xinhua ) scientists found that two genes of iceland caused by gene cancer are far higher than the common people .
according to a report in the latest issue of the " nature " , iceland 's declassified research personnel on the lingerus of the iceland 's default , while checking the genes of thousands of people from iceland 's sirus and china 's hong kong region , the above discovery was obtained .
the two genes discovered by scientists are similar to the early heart of the heart that plays an important role .
the room trembled , the most charming in clinical psychology , which could lead to a sudden breath of heart and a sharp arrow of the heart .
according to the " natural genetic journal " published on 1 july , the decrypted figure of the company 's 17 th still fell on the human chromosome , which was related to the two genes of the prelude cancer , which was more than one - third of the previous cancer cases .
the study also found that one of the genes is to raise the risk of protracted cancer and also reduce the risk of suffering from binding .
( sports ) us senator gets off after horler 's american cup
xinhua news agency , marathon , july 3 ( venezuela )
according to venezuelan media reports , the 37 - year - old veteran goalkeeper keller said in an interview here that if the us - made cup cannot find a suitable club after the game , he will choose to retire .
if the united states finishes the us cup four to six weeks after it finishes , i still cannot get a high level of the + one - two week contract of the high - level us team . well , the retirement may be my bad choice .
with the rising of the ragabat team in the hammer , keller also left this team that has himself exerted more than two bulk .
although korer was very concerned about collecting taxes , he still looked very worried about his whereabouts . he himself was not worried about his whereabouts . at present , several teams of his company intends to invite him to visit the eight teams .
however , this former british chikage and german chair 's old godess , said that his choice would depend on the family , and my child has been nine years old . he has followed me in three different countries . he has been with me in three different countries . i have to consider how to benefit me now .
in the recent gold cup tournament , keller played an outstanding role and helped the team to win the championship .
he was still beaten by the head coach brent , but he was not sure what a blow he would be able to make the four - hand enemy , and with young bruze and defense forces coming out , the fundamental team of the young guard is not the big opponent like argentina , paraguay , and two matches . he was wearing seven big doors of his guard .
the next match against columbia is very likely to be between the team and keller in the last performance of the american cup .
( overseas ) black strawberry smarter smartphone to land on china market
xinhua news agency , july 23 , luther in ott according to a report from canada 's " global post , " after eight years of efforts , the canadian company 's managing company , the canadian company , the black - box cell phone ( the white kk ) , has finally been approved for its smart cell phone , and the first ray cell phone will be listed in china at the end of august .
the chief executive of the + mhp , ballmer , said that he will visit china 's major cities , including beijing , shanghai , guangzhou , and so on , to introduce black strawberry cell phones to commercial customers .
citing the fact that the washington office quoted a manager of the washington post , the " global post " said that the black - strawberry 8700g smartphones will land at the chinese market at the end of august , selling about 700 us dollars , and has received 5,000 orders .
ballmer said last week that + company + idl 's listing of online cell phones has made people pay more attention to smartphone , as a competitor for the ihone , the black strawberry cell phone has now been sold in more than 100 countries in the world .
according to statistics , during the first quarter of this year , the volume of endeavor subscribers in the dark blue ray reached 120,000 new users , while the total number of subscribers for strawberry has reached 9000-million .
spain : husband killed in monarch
xinhua news agency , july 7 , a spanish woman attacked by muddling face . in the battle , she dragged the face of a mask , and found that the attackers were her husband . the police arrested him .
according to a report by the local media on 6 june , this woman was working at a bakery shop in valencia .
one day , a masked man made a big box in her store , and she thought that it was a hijacking , and told him to take money out of the drawer .
but the man did not take the money , but rather cut the neck of this woman and wanted her to go through her .
she wanted to use the method of killing itself to make the island , but the man did not miss her , and still cut her neck .
during the struggle , the woman dragged on a mask but found that the husband was actually her husband .
the culprits have been arrested .
the victim told the media that she and her husband were in the process of divorce due to their lack of affection , and they had two children .
13 pilots resign as company of china eastern airlines , wuhan company retaliates for more than 100 million yuan
wuhan , july 11 ( xinhua ) the chinese communist party ( cpc ) is ready to work with the thai government to further promote the development of the friendly cooperative relations between the two countries
thirteen pilots asked to resign , while dongguan china 's dongfang airline wuhan limited liability company has issued a huge compensation amount of as much as 105 - million . this is so far the largest labor dispute in hubei province in terms of compensation .
the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration committee is currently hearing the case .
in may this year , 13 pilots of the wuhan company of china eastern airlines submitted their resignation one after another and were rejected by the company .
later , the pilot submitted a succession of proposals to the hubei labor dispute arbitration committee in early june , requesting an adjudication to terminate the labor relationship with the company .
the wuhan company of china eastern airlines notified us of the action , and made a countercharge , demanding that 13 pilots pay to him more than 6 million yuan in losses caused by the labor contract , and a loss of more than 6 million yuan to more than 10 million yuan , ranging from nt $ 150 million .
it is understood that the pilot and china eastern airlines signed a labor contract without a fixed term . besides suspending conditions or dissolving conditions in labor contracts , the labor contract effect will continue to reach the statutory retirement age of the pilot .
the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration committee has handled this case through appeals and counterappeals , and is expected to conclude the trial before august 8 .
germany calls for early passage of border treaty with russia
xinhua news agency , july 12 , riga ( by yang dehong ) - visiting german foreign minister steinmeier on july 12 urged russia to pass the lala - russia border treaty as soon as possible .
steinmeier and foreign minister pascal pavel held talks on the same day , during which the two sides mainly discussed relations between rad and the cooperation between the eu and other issues , and exchanged views and views on the development of relations between russia and russia and between the eu and russia .
at a news conference held after the talks , steinmeier called on the russian side to pass the lashkar border treaty as soon as possible .
steinmeier said that the country and russia have improved relations with the whole region , and the pace of improving relations between russia and the whole region is relatively slow . the signing of the lala - russia treaty is witnessing the development of the latin - russian relations . however , the historical shadow of russia may also cause retrogression to the relations between the two countries . it is hoped that the russian side will , through the lusaka border treaty as soon as possible ,
on 27 march this year , after a decade - long negotiation , prime minister khammer wikremlin and russian prime minister vladimir kuddin signed a border treaty between the two countries in moscow .
on 17 may , the parliament of the latin american parliament passed the border treaty .
according to reports from the media in luster , the russian parliament will vote on the treaty in the near future .
dprk , rok to hold sixth round of talks
pyongyang , july 16 ( xinhua ) the democratic people 's republic of korea ( dprk )
military representatives from the dprk and the rok held talks on 16 february in panmunjon . the two sides agreed to hold the sixth round of talks on 24 - 26 june .
according to a report by the central news agency , pak sung - su , the dprk military representative , made a proposal in his contact on that day for the establishment of a joint metro zone between yanping island in the western waters of north korea and bai ling island , and explained in detail the reason for the proposal .
he said : to establish a common imperial zone , it is necessary to implement the principle of seeking common prosperity and common interests of the nation to the maximum extent , and safeguard peace and stability .
speaking on the existing problems on the sea , park said that in order to prevent a military conflict between the two sides in the western sea area , the two sides should abandon their respective sea demarcation line , recognize and respect each other , recognize and respect each other , and treat the dprk - rok agreement and the internationally recognized legal basis for consultation .
he said that the timely formulation of military security measures to promote cooperation and exchanges was a stop upheld by the dprk military throughout along with the rok .
he said : the rok side should take military measures to ensure the civilian vessels of the dprk can directly come to the south from haizhou port and travel freely in the cheju strait .
this is the third round of the six - party talks on military affairs held recently between the dprk and the rok since 10 july .
the fifth round of talks on the north - south korea grading held from 8 to 11 may was held in the united curtain of the panmunjon side of the dprk side .
( international ) hyundai motor denies intention to buy wolfowitz
seoul , july 18 ( xinhua ) a spokesman for the hyundai motor said in seoul that it had no intention to buy any brand under wolfowl or the company 's company on july 18 .
the sunday times and the new york times have recently reported that it might sell volkswagen .
the sunday times even reported that
a spokesman for hyundai said , " we are worried about purchasing wolfowiter or ray , but modern tiger is not ready to carry out its own expansion program , and there is simply no time for him to stop him on his trip .
in 1999 , it lowered its value of 64.5 - billion us dollars to buy wolfowiter brands from sweden 's volvo group .
at present , the jewellery of volvo and the grey tiger , all belonged to the chief automobile group ( lenin ) .
in march this year , the united states sold 8.4 us dollars on its losses , while the us sold around the us $ 8.4 , while it said last month it was considering selling tiger and kemal .
( sports ) cuba 's mist on taiwan 's loud rope
xinhua news agency , rio de janeiro , july 21 ( reporters chen weihua and guan tong )
the cuban delegation on 21 march lost in the attack of the pan - american games , and the rope 's luck will affect the performance of the standard of the fists .
according to the rules of the international boxing federation , the rope on the taiwan back at the international match should be 6.1 meters , but according to the cuban fist coach pedro rok , the rope of the pan - american games boxing boxing platform is less than 1 meters below the standard for the rope on this pan - american games boxing boxing boxing boxing .
roke said : " we have submitted a formal protest , because this incident does not affect a country in cuba but involves all people .
the rope will affect the fists ' maneuvers in a short time .
he also said in a mere array : if you fail to find ropes that meet the olympic standards in your eyes , you can find another place .
as we knew long ago , we brought back some of the bulk from cuba .
the mexican and colombian delegations also expressed satisfaction with the rope on the same day .
columbian fist jubileo de la bill dobis won the first battle , but he said : although i won the first match , the boxing team is too narrow , really i think it is not rough , it makes me think it is not rough .
the big rabbit of the reopened export order to overseas
xinhua news agency report of july 24 from shanghai ( by staff reporters xu shousong and yu lihong ) - according to information from the kengsheng yuan ( group ) company , ltd. , shanghai port once , the dabbit rabbit djd , dabbit , in shanghai for a time , has recently been exported to other countries , and many overseas orders have been placed in expectation .
the champion park , in singapore , mr lin ching - jung , a company in singapore , recently sent a phone call to the guansheng garden . due to the fact that the nong grains and sugar testing for the big white rabbit dl dabbit dmilk , in singapore , are not methane , and can be sold normally on the market , so demand orders for them to stop .
the lyon hairpin company of malaysia said that it asked kao sheng garden to immediately transport one big white rabbit from shanghai to malaysia .
the five - hsbc trading company also sent a phone call to kansheng garden , hong kong , claiming that the centre for food safety had taken a big rabbit of dirty sugar in hong kong and confirmed that formaldehyde inges were found to be containing formaldehyde .
the hong kong china limited has informed china limited that it has decided to make a sales volume of more than 100 metric tons in hong kong to resume sales of big white - bredding rabbit sugar .
it is understood that the 10 big white rabbit sugar on shanghai port for a time has gradually resumed export .
at present , seven big white rabbit sugar rabbit is being sent to singapore , while nina rica , india , india , australia , and other countries .
( international ) killing of suspects of making a british bomb
london , july 26 ( xinhua ) the british police announced on july 26 that in mid - july , the suspect who made the bull purchase of the british bomb was arrested in kelisto , kelestro , in the united kingdom , on july 23 .
the police said that this man called p . mcgrady , 51 , who is an unemployed person , will be subjected to accusations of blackmail and making a bomb .
on the afternoon of 14 july , michael j. , the curt purchase of the 14 th from around britain was quickly shut down by the police after the threat of the bombs , and it was only restored on the following day .
the reason is that the british public is on the peak of their purchases , and at that time the 14 th closed the largest british sales tax on the big business of britain , causing the biggest loss of the sales volume of the industry .
the british police subsequently conducted a criminal investigation into the bombing threat and announced that no terrorist signs were found in the incident , but there might be some economic motives behind it .
( sports ) changing the timing of the olympic games in beijing , making it easier for the season of the beijing olympics .
beijing , july 28 ( xinhua ) the olympic games will be held in the city of beijing in august , which is expected to turn into a sea of dawn .
by changing the specifications and other technical measures , researchers have found a good way to add color to the olympic games .
on 28 august , the new olympic varieties of the new summer , and the selection and acceptance testing of the application research project conducted by experts in beijing , reached a conclusion that it will adopt the method of promoting control and training of new technologies , and the variety of varieties of varieties or varieties of varieties of different varieties of varieties of varieties of varieties of varieties of varieties of varieties of varieties or varieties of varieties of varieties of varie@@
in summer in beijing , more than 10 kinds of large - scale opened - up , most of them were long dwindling or were far from reaching the requirement of holding a corn .
after making efforts , the scientific and technological personnel selected 206 varieties of more than 400 varieties of the summer olympics .
at the opening ceremony of the 2007 olympic games held at the beijing haidian park , the countdown of the opening of the beijing olympic games was carefully cultivated by a group of experts in the past eight months that could not be able to open blossoms , and they will welcome them with the mere glowing of the brocade .
turkish ruling party wins parliamentary election
xinhua news agency , july 30 , kumer ( by wang jian ) - the final result of the 23 rd parliamentary election announced by the supreme election commission in turkey on july 30 showed that the ruling justice and development party won 341 of the 550 seats , and gained another party 's voting power .
in the election of the parliament on 22 july , the main opposition republican party won a parliamentary seat .
the national action party won 71 seats in the election .
apart from the above three political parties , 26 elected congressmen .
the new parliament will hold its first meeting in august .
all members will be sworn in and begin to perform their duties .
the parliament will then elect a new speaker through a vote - not - mere voting method .
the turkish parliament election was originally scheduled to be held in november , but in the presidential election at the end of april , because the opposition party 's sole candidate is the consolation of the democratic party 's vice - premier and foreign minister of the development party , the election failed , and the parliamentary election was pushed forward .
