white house urges immediate nuclear inspector to shut down north korea
the white house today called for the early deployment of nuclear inspectors to oversee north korea 's closing of its nuclear reactions , and the white house made the appeal after us president bush and south korean president leonid ruda talked over the phone .
white house national security council spokesman cho yung - cheuk said that the two leaders talked about a dilemma in us - south korean cooperation on north korea 's nuclear issue today , and hoped that iaea inspectors would return to north korea soon to monitor the halt of north korea 's nuclear reactions and its closure of a crawler .
cheuk pointed out that the two presidents also expressed regret over the us - south korea free trade agreement signed yesterday and will make efforts to ensure that the two countries ' congress ratifies the agreement .
experts believe that the nuclear power imposed by pyongyang over the past 20 years is sufficient to produce 12 nuclear weapons .
hill , us special envoy to the six - party talks , said last week that he expected the yongbyon nuclear reactor to be closed in mid - july .
43 killed in heavy rain in western india
the western part of india was heavily sunken on a weekend attack , with severe flooding in some areas , and large cities in the western region , with airline stations operating on domestic and foreign routes , suspended .
rescue officials said today that it caused a group of 43 people to die on fire .
the sunlight brings colourful rainy weather to india , a country with a population of one billion , from june to september every year , and even causes casualties .
this time , half of the victims were drowned by the flood , while others were killed because of housing , drunken , and others were injured and injured .
the indian financial center was also sunken .
on 29 february , the sunshine , sunshine ,
chief executive abaziz said that only 13 people died in a single shot .
officials from the city government urged citizens to stay on guard against travel before the rainy season .
the rain yesterday took a little rest , and most areas were still flooded today .
nearly 500 killed in floods in india
according to officials and media reports , death toll from heavy rain in india this year has risen to 410 .
the indian news trust quoted sukitsu kadan , minister of government affairs and rebuilding affairs , as saying today that in the past week , various provinces in india have entered all places , and there are losses in the economy in various places , and economic losses in the past few weeks . only the province of shirla province , which is located in india 's largest city , is located in shitla province , india 's largest city , is known to have been 300,000 dead .
the report pointed out that kadan made the above remarks to media reporters while inspecting his tour .
he said that india 's biggest cotton producer , larijana province , is full of water , including 27 towns and cities , sunhew , sunheer , and heer water in 27 cities and towns , were seriously polluted by water , and more than 10,000 disaster victims were sunk to safe reception places .
india 's entire territory began to move north from south to north a week ago , and the people of various provinces were all greeting the rainy weather with a dry drought for a long time , but they did not expect the rain to come to an unexpected and violent high . they were droughts , droughts , roads became low , low - lying houses were not covered , and the transportation was completely cut down , and the transport was down to a level .
jovathan paolton 's tennis jovac 's abandonment of nadal has come to the finals
today , sanoji , the heavenly king of spain , expressed fierce opposition to sunbrebron men 's sington four rivalry cheikovic , competition in the competition , competition between georgovic , who was unable to retreat , and inhaling into the final , and will fight with the wolf king of the swiss world , the french champion , duerre , who is on a mission to fight the tiger , in the fight against
georgovic once played in the 16 th and 8 th matches , and had been called to the security guard to treat his back injury . he was beaten up in the third set today because of his feet and bubbles . he also asked the security guard to treat him . later , he consciously could not fight again and decided to abandon the game .
the fourth seed georgovic retreat , which used to be three to six , one , four , one , four , one , one lead , one , num , victory ,
in addition to the heat - opening competition , it was not until the first time when the heat was overflowed , and the second two games were all on the one side leading .
satellite shows iran tapping tunnel to protect nuclear equipment
the us commercial satellite sunni has shown that iran is in the process of enriching uranium in the vicinity of the uranium enrichment facility in natanz , a us think tank , the institute of international security ( iib ) said wednesday .
these are from the united states , which is a sunken ( + it + + + + + + + + + + + + + it ) company , and published on june 11 on the website of the scientific and international security research institute .
the institute , located in washington , is a non - profit research group .
hezer indicated that only a few kilometers south of the naganz facility is currently under construction along the hill , and the facility is a uranium enrichment factory .
" the us government is not willing to accept the idea of a single tune , but rather a road of isolation , " said pope , a analyst of the european commission , in a tunnel report .
they said that this kind of tunnel facility that excavates into the mountains will play its excellent protection role during the air raids .
un envoy calls for nuclear talks but tough on iran
the united nations agency for the use of nuclear energy ( iaea ) deputy director - general heinonen held talks with iranian officials in a bid to resolve the deadlock caused by iran 's nuclear program again .
however , iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad is still stubbornly resisting the pressure of further sanctions imposed by the united nations .
iran will not stop uranium enrichment , but welcome this latest talk .
he said that the move of installing sunfline could slow down or accelerate , but no one should expect us to give up our rights , and we will not stop this move .
he made the remarks after arriving in hyinin .
the purpose of hainning 's visit is to formulate a plan to resolve the problem of sunshine triggered by iran 's nuclear program .
the united nations has not freezed uranium enrichment operations and has already imposed two sanctions on iran .
hezer reports that haier and iran 's supreme national security council assistant chairman wadi ,
the iranian delegation also met with deputy chairman of the atomic energy agency [ iaea ] seyyed and ambassador to the iaea soniniye .
zqb : palestinian prime minister yad to form new east line
palestinian authorities have been using a month - long live sunken sunshine on the west island of qosa corridor , and prime minister fayer has temporarily resigned , but they were immediately ordered to take responsibility for the new government .
agriculture and social affairs minister khabasi told afp that prime minister fahd al-ahmad al-jad had made a resignation to chairman abbas and accepted the request , and also requested him to be responsible for handling the new cabinet ministers and government affairs .
" i do n't know what to do with the democratic party , " said ahmed , adding that abbas ordered him to resign from his current position until he is trying to keep his new government .
the respected economist fader has made his resignation , but only procedural resignation will not shake his position as the premier .
france and yad began to lead the palestinian emergency cabinet on 17 january , to execute abbas 's assassination order after violence and hezsa .
according to the basic law of the palestinian autonomous government , sunnecine is not allowed to exceed 30 days without the approval of the parliament , but the self - rule parliament is now paralyzed .
the power of the emergency government expired today .
wto representative proposes new doha round of talks
the world trade organization ( wto ) 's main negotiators today proposed a big reduction in us subsidies to agriculture , and developing countries to cut tariffs on imports of industrial products in order to break the deadlock in the doha round of trade talks .
officials said that the new draft has called on the united states to reduce its annual agricultural subsidies from the current free market of 120 million dollars to 200 million dollars , and developing countries have lowered import tariffs on industrial products to below 60 percent .
the proposal was aimed at breaking the deadlock in the doha round of talks over the past six years and bringing about a compromise agreement between wto members .
the wto secretary general said that these suggestions were a consensus on reaching a fair and reasonable foundation for a fair and rational agreement on development as the orientation of balanced goals .
lamy said : hew member states will not completely satisfied with the contents of the proposal , but the problem of differences is not far from being discussed in the consensus .
he called for intensive negotiations in the next few weeks .
the heavy shock produced by japan 's automobile factory ,
japan 's strong earthquake shoe this week caused a shortage of cars , and sunshine manufacturers said today that they would even suspend domestic car production .
japanese army rippled on a 6.8 - magnitude , car manufacturer , polite , research , and research company was forced to suspend operation of tokyo 's shijiazi factory , and the chain of vehicles affected the production of the factory .
the world 's best salvage car spokesman said that sunni , a female spokesperson , will temporarily suspend domestic automobile production from tonight to 21 february .
nissan said that the daily production of the plant in japan will be increased to two from the day before the 23rd , and the situation will be reevaluated on the weekend .
he said that two factories were sunken , one of them would be affected , but the company may increase classes next month to make up for the progress of backward production .
suzuki said that starting from tomorrow , partial production will be suspended , and production of + tu vehicle , japan 's fuji company , ltd. will also suspend production of small cars tomorrow , and will assess the situation on the 21st .
zoji said that it is possible that some of the sunken supply will be suspended next week .
the earthquake caused the death of at least 10 people , injury to people , several hundred houses and houses , and forced factories in the disaster area to stop .
indonesia cancels sales of british green bags
zang said today that in view of the loss of order caused by the rush to buy hong kong earlier this month , indonesia had canceled the sales of british green bags .
sunheki , sunheer , head of the famous store in the indonesian square in the high consumption district , said that in view of the incident in hong kong , we canceled the activity of putting the green bags on the market .
if the people want to kill a bully of 140,000 rubi ( about nt $ 400,000 ) , then they will not have that price for the bullet .
on 6 april , people in hong kong gathered outside the store to prepare to buy a large live missile design from the british home , niyinyin , the design of the center of the yin yin - yin - yin - yin - yin - yin - yin - yin - yin - yin - yin - yin - yin , but the store refused to touch off a scene .
this fine quality , which used environmental protection as a pursuit , attempted to replace a kitchen bag , but it was not expected that it became a popular index in london and new york , triggering a rush purchase , and prices on the website ehime have reached several times as much as zero .
the only sunken sunshine , which was granted the right to sell in indonesia , said , was not sure whether it would be sold in a few days .
the hostage crisis , south korea directly negotiated
al-qaida , a kidnapping group of 23 south korean hostages , set a deadline today to demand south korea 's withdrawal from afghanistan , or the killing of hostages .
as time passes by minute and second , the situation has developed positively , south korean officials began talks with groups today for the first time .
but at the same time , the organization said that the other kidnapped german hostages were very weak and began to fall into a dilemma and lose consciousness .
+ it appealed to germany and south korea to withdraw troops from afghanistan and demanded that these hostages be exchanged for 33 guerrillas who were imprisoned by the afghan government .
israeli spokesman interviewed by afp on the phone , saying that we are trying to get together directly with south korean representatives through the elder brother of the tribal group .
amady said : we hope that the talks will yield results and be a bit less than usual .
it was decided that the evening local time ( 10.30 pm taiwan time ) would be the last deadline and the killing of south korean hostages would begin soon .
the extension period has already been extended twice .
prc : rok , rok military talks end in unhurry
since the term " one country , two koreas ' " is divided into the sea area , the three - day high - level military talks between the two koreas have ended without a cheer today .
at talks held in panxi , border city , north korea 's chief representative kim yong - chol said today that we would express our willingness to reach a conclusion that no longer requires talks without results , and talk of those talks , and so on .
his face was obviously cheated , kim jong - chol , who deliberately attempted to replace the existing north line line with north line in the new sea area of south korea .
he said that he was not legitimate .
the missile is a unit in north korea .
north korea said south korea 's armed forces were intruding into the waters and causing tension , saying the allegation was groundless .
the clashes broke out in the local waters in june 1999 , killing dozens of north korean crew members .
a similar clash was reported again in june 2002 , with six south koreans unfortunately trying to get involved .
us treasury secretary visits china to protect the environment and exchange rate
us treasury secretary powell arrived in china yesterday for a visit . the united states is making every effort to persuade china to further carry out the necessary economic reform and environmental protection work , especially the renminbi exchange rate issue that has attracted much attention .
us diplomats said that powell first went to chongji province of northwest china , qinghai , and visited sunken province .
china is currently implementing a series of environmental protection plans near the daxang lake .
powell will leave for beijing today to discuss with chinese officials on promoting the dialogue on strategic economy between china and the united states launched last year .
the us - china strategic economic dialogue mainly discussed economic issues such as environmental protection , and the most important thing was the rmb exchange rate issue , and us congressmen believed that renminbi was overly undervalued .
the us - china trade deficit is rapidly pressing , and pressure within the united states is gradually rising , and congressmen are prepared to take retaliatory actions against their so - called china unfair trade policy .
last week , the us senate finance committee passed a bill calling on the treasury to recognize that the exchange rate is basically a fault and the country 's list of countries whose exchange rate is basically wrong , opening the door to the potential economic sanctions against beijing .
us congressmen said that the renminbi undervalued has greatly reduced the prices of chinese goods to the united states and aggravated the imbalance in us - china trade . last year , the us trade deficit with china reached 2.5 billion us dollars .
muslim li - chiung said that he would completely withdraw from the scene before he was 60 .
beginning from the beginning of a line , the future of mureio in west china has been a topic of media speculation , but like in the past , portuguese once again stressed that he will certainly stay in west london this summer .
some newspapers listed 14 sunshine , but i will stay in western china , + sunni , and talk about it .
mozy reiterated that he hoped that the day the portuguese team 's dogmatic mum would be restored , and i really wanted to do something good to teach . i believe that one day the portuguese football association would also like to invite me to serve as a leader , and he would be a young man .
however , 44 - year - old murray does not intend to contribute his whole life to football , and he said he would retire 60 years old . he did not want to work in the year of age like bot , rojon , and fragoson .
i 've made a promise to my wife , i will not be like rohsen and fragrant , who has been teaching for 70 years .
musini was 60 years old , i wanted to completely cut across the blue scene .
i have too many things that i cannot do now , waiting for me to do , i am trying to be a player .
i do n't want to be a football advisor or or or technical director , such as barado or sachi .
i do not want to play such a role .
i do not want to be a chairman of a club , i only want to completely get involved in soccer , and + chaolioo stressed .
( qi liang )
wang bing , a young man from the heji investigation case of wang bing in an sunji village of hongdong , shanxi , was tried on the incident .
china news net , july 7 , the attention of the public , this morning , after hearing the first trial of the case of cao shengjie , wang bing , a black shot , a young man , in cao shengxing village , guangsheng town , hongdong county , shanxi province , on the first trial .
many media in china are paying attention to the progress of the case .
because the relevant local departments were rather cautious , some reporters were unable to go to the scene to cover the news .
now , he is still doing this .
according to a staff member of the linfen city intermediate court , if he could not handle the case , he estimated that day he would stop trying the case .
but whether he could pronounce pronouncements was still unknown .
at about 9 : 00 in the morning , reporters noticed the scene outside the gate of linfen city intermediate school , and the passion of the passion of the passersby was calm and there was a stream between them .
perhaps he felt that he was trying to do something to keep his body on his side .
when he was in power , he had the result and believed that the law was just and unrestrained .
a elderly traveling here looked very much at the national emblem .
prior to this , news from hongdong county confirmed that the father of wang bing , wang bing , and father cao shengzhen , wang dongzhi , had been dismissed from his post as a deputy to the people 's congress according to law .
earlier , wang dongyan 's case of suspected involvement in violation of discipline in wang bing 's case of chu xian was removed from the post of secretary of the village party branch and expelled from the party .
the incident of hiding a brick and a brick dust kitchen in shanxi caused by the wang bing case aroused attention at home and abroad for a time , and the central authorities issued instructions demanding a strict investigation .
the dprk and the rok reached agreement on cooperation in the development of light industry and underground resources
chinanews , july 8 .
the dprk and the rok reached a consensus on 7 june on cooperation in the fields of light industry and underground resources development .
according to the agreement , south korea will provide the dprk with raw materials for production of light industrial products such as garments , and in this regard , north korea will grant some domestic thermal power to extricate itself from south korea .
according to a report by the japan sent - out association , south korea and north korea conducted a three - day meeting in kaicheng on issues concerning cooperation in the fields of light industry and underground resources development , and finally reached an agreement on the matter .
under the agreement , south korea will provide north korea with sunshine and raw materials for production of fragrant soap , and the total value of the nuclear power group , jiji nuclear .
in this regard , the dprk will grant the rok three power exploitation rights .
the south korean government will use its nuclear power to transport the first batch of 500 tons of contractual materials to north korea from inchuen port in western korea on july 25 .
according to the plan , beginning 28 july , south korea and north korea jointly conducted an investigation on north korea 's eastern region .
the korean government started to provide dprk with 400,000 tons of rice in its heir .
after the dprk expressed its willingness to actively implement the agreement reached by the six countries , including closing its nuclear facilities , economic cooperation between the dprk and the rok has become more active .
the lanzhou price bureau explained the limit of the price of the beef , only because the increase was too big .
chinanews , lanzhou , july 10 ( huang party )
this afternoon , the lanzhou city bureau of commodity prices invited relevant departments to hold a forum on restricting the price of cattle ;
at the news conference , it was learned that departments such as hedu bureau jointly introduced a maximum price limit , mainly because the price of the meat rose too much , which exceeded the capacity of ordinary residents to bear .
it is reported that the rise in the beef meat price this time has reached 20 percent , and data shows that this is the first time that the price of the beef has risen in lanzhou since the early 1980 s , the fastest increase in the country .
" the government 's action is to take into account the economic capacity of the common residents in the region , and the maximum price limit set by us is conducted through cost investigation , " said the director of the lanzhou city commodity price bureau .
on 26 april , the lanzhou bureau of transportation industry and commerce bureau jointly imposed a maximum price limit on the daily neck of the sunken , and the news was exposed , arousing strong concern .
it is understood that the forum is aimed at extensively soliciting opinions from various circles to solicit opinions and suggestions on specific measures for taiwan 's next step of management , and lanzhou will hold a news conference tomorrow .
this will be the first time in lanzhou city to hold a news conference on the incident of rising prices of bullish beef .
china development council : stop activities in 3 months
chinanews , july 11 according to news from the website , on july 9 , the promotion association for promoting development in china made an administrative penalty of halting activities for three months .
the punishment order indicates that the following illegal acts exist in the china regional development council : overload the standard , and use the power of suite to collect other fees from non - member units .
after investigations , the standard of the group members was 21,000 yuan per year , and during the period between june and february , 200-20 , a total of 20 units charged by groups of more than 20 units , except one household , which collected 21,000 yuan from other units , and the remaining others received a wide range of households , ranging from yuan to heyan yuan , and other family members , and received a large sum of money from each family members .
chu xin , deputy director of the administrative section of the first section of article 33 of the " regulations on registration of social organizations , " and ji yu , who is involved in the meeting , made an administrative penalty for halting activities for three months within a specified period , and sealed off those items such as those used to be used in accordance with law .
the rok government hopes to speed up the process of denuclearization through the six - party talks .
chinanews , july 12 according to a report by the rok association for relations across the taiwan strait , the rok government welcomed the meeting of the delegation heads of the six - party talks , which will begin in beijing on the 18th .
a spokesman for the ministry of foreign affairs and trade of the republic of korea [ rok ] commented on the 12th that he hopes that at the meeting of the delegation heads of the six - party talks , the agenda for ending the initial stage of measures at the next stage and carrying out specific and substantive plans for the six - party foreign ministers ' talks will be discussed as soon as possible , thus speeding up the process of denuclearization of the korean peninsula .
the commentary also said : as the core of the dprk nuclear issue , our government will make unremitting efforts to rapidly and successfully realize the denuclearization of the korean peninsula and will carry out close cooperation with relevant countries in this respect .
officials revealed that the beijing olympics is expected to be the largest number of countries and regions participating in the competition .
chinanews , july 16 .
xinhua news agency reports that wang shilin , deputy director of the international liaison department of the beijing olympic organizing committee , revealed on 14 november that the beijing olympic organizing committee will send an invitation to the 205 ioc members to participate in the olympic games .
he said that if there is no accident , the beijing olympics will be the most contested country and region in history .
the report said that from 10 to 12 june , wang shilin , on behalf of the beijing olympic organizing committee , briefed the meeting on the preparations for the beijing olympic games , including construction of transportation , power , and power , and power , and so on .
wang said that the pan - american sports organization member countries and regions have shown great enthusiasm for the beijing olympics , and all 42 members have confirmed that they will attend the olympic games in beijing next month
it is learned that at the meeting , the ioc will , along with the bocog , formally invite 205 members of the ioc to participate in the olympic games .
( gao peng , yang limin )
wang yan 's wounds improved " persisting in " sitting on a bench 's stool and limiting muscle to resume ' two levels '
wang yan was able to sit on a stool , but she could not feel dizzy , and she would feel dizzy . yesterday , wu xilong , director of zhejiang sports center , told the reporter .
earlier , the injury of wang yan in the match had improved , with the sad continuing to improve , with the muscle muscles of right upper limbs , and more than 10 days ago , he was shot up to two levels .
this month , wang yan 's death from the six shanghai hospital 's + tu - chu ( serious illness ) ward was two to three stages of her right arm muscle muscles , and her right - hand - lime muscle - level muscles were one class .
in the last half a month , wang yan 's muscle muscle has improved further .
+ + + wang yan 's muscle level has reached four levels , only one level lower than normal five level , and left muscles are also above level 3 , wu xitan said .
in other words , in less than half a month , wang yan 's upper limb muscle muscles restored to dayang .
previously , wang yan was able to stay on the bed with the help of a doctor .
the hospital 's recovered experts originally planned to let wang yan engage in field practice with the protection of his rehabilitation beds at the end of last week .
however , according to wang yan 's recovery situation at the present stage , the instant rehabilitation training had to be temporarily postponed .
wu xizhen said that wang yan 's current training is mainly composed of riverside players , and she can persist in sitting on a stool , but she cannot stay too long for time ( reporter wang ji ) .
venezuelan president said to cut civil service pay
chinanews , july 23 - according to a comprehensive report , venezuela 's president chaoli spoke on the 22nd on his country 's domestic and foreign policy .
he said that the civil service pay reduction would be significantly reduced .
he also said that foreigners who come to venezuela would be deported if they attack the venezuelan government , which would face serious consequences .
zoellick has ordered government officials to closely monitor foreign nationals ' statements during their visit to venezuela , and has discovered that anyone openly criticizing him or the venezuelan government would depart from the country .
in his televised speech on the evening of 22 march , he said that venezuela could not tolerate a foreign country running into the country to make a shot and feet at home .
in his speech , he also pointed out that the civil service pay will be reduced significantly .
he said that the highest salary for venezuelan civil servants should not exceed the daily average us dollar .
it is learned that in venezuela , the monthly income of some poor people is usd ;
the move to cut civil service pay in latin american countries has become a common practice and has won the support of the broad masses of people .
peru , hezbollah , and other leaders have all reduced their salaries .
zidane also said that cuban leader castro reminded him of his actions from the us commands .
he said that carter presented him a letter written by former us central governor ji chongji , asking him to look at various kinds of secret sunshine of the central intelligence agency .
hearing on the suicidal case , yesterday ended a temporary trial on the maikai .
the international federation of automobile movement council issued a statement on the french - language spy case last night , which ended in paris , and the summoned maikai ran out of a robbery : the council decided not to punish the maikai for the time being .
the international federation of automobile networks issued a statement after the hearing , saying that it was a rare case for tongdu , mai mai kaikai , mai maikai , sifsi , who owns the secret information of fala , but there is not enough evidence that was used in the imam class iff contender , and therefore it will not be punished .
however , the french technology spy case did not compare to one of those of an ordinary one .
in the decision , the council also said that if it is found that the relevant information in ramallah is used to damage the championship , we reserve the right to request maikai to return to the hearing of the automobile sports council , and they may face the punishment of cancellation of the qualifications of 2007 , or even 2008 , and still being considered as eligible for competition , kai kai kai , who was removed from 2007 , or even from 2008 .
the former designer of the maikai wheel , mike kacao , who was suspended for the time being , was found to have held nearly 800 pages of larli car design , design power , design , construction of the 2007 model , and testing the serial development and operation of the lara series .
the maikai , chew , cooler , was not known to anyone else about this information , but the maikai , the maikai wheel , this model car did not have any fatah motor .
( wang yuan )
experts believe that insurance , hew , capital will not be diverted in the short term .
chinanews , july 30 .
according to a report by china securities news , the " provisional procedure on the management of overseas investment of insurance funds " recently came into being , and insurance funds have broader space for use in the capital market .
liu lefei , chief investment officer of china 's liangjie company , believes that the rmb 's appreciation and the domestic capital market will be good , and the large - scale revaluation of the insurance institutions will not be foreign exchange for overseas investment , which also means insurance will not be diverted to domestic stock markets within a short time .
the report said that many insurance institutions hold the same view .
experts said that since there is no such thing as renminbi market , insurance institutions are not able to avoid risks , the time for large - scale foreign exchange purchases is not ripe .
liu lefei said : in the long term , in the area of asset allocation , foreign investment should account for a certain proportion of the overall allocation of insurance companies .
however , in view of the relatively great pressure on the appreciation of the renminbi at present , china 's sunken will mainly use its own foreign exchange funds to make overseas investments .
in the current situation , we should take a cautious attitude toward foreign investments that are purchased from abroad .
( shangji )
china directly suffered losses this year from heping , making arrangements for flood prevention and drought control
this reporter learned from the national flood prevention and drought control headquarters that by july , the nationwide average figure of = imported = 118 million mu of vegetable products was affected , of which 1.19 million mu were affected , 1.19 million people were affected , 652 people were killed in the disaster , and 42.5 billion yuan directly suffered from economic losses .
the total area of farmland affected by drought is 140 - billion mu , there is daily necessities of water , and there is great difficulty in daily life due to drought .
in july , the national general headquarters for flood prevention and drought control made an emergency plan to deal with the current severe flood - prevention and drought - fighting situation .
the ministry of communications and the general headquarters of hedu flood control in various provinces and regions has strengthened their efforts to prevent water and guard against sunshine and strive for a comprehensive victory in flood prevention .
the state flood control and drought relief headquarters and other departments have dispatched three work groups to jointly crack down on the pollution of the first line and the drought - stricken areas .
now , the work of preventing hew is being carried out in an intense and orderly manner , and the huaihong xinhe river is also put into operation , and people from anhui , anhui , anhui , anhui , anhui , and jiangsu , gansu , shanxi , are now playing their role on the heels .
i did not have a big risk .
provinces such as heilongjiang and jiangxi have started emergency response to drought - fighting according to the plan , and the anti - drought work is being carried out in an orderly and intensive manner .
( by reporter zhao yongping )
chen shui - bian secretly criticized involvement in the election of taiwan 's " judicial yuan " and denied that he wanted to explain it .
chen shui - bian questioned taiwan 's judicial personnel 's attempt to get involved in the election of taiwan 's regional leaders on 30 july .
taiwan 's judicial yuan , administrative , high , said on the same day that chen shui - bian 's current performance was not in line with chen shui - bian 's words , and asked chen shui - bian to explain his claim .
according to a report by taiwan 's " tong shih " , chen shui - bian questioned judges or investigators on 30 june , and got involved in activities of election because of political factors or election , and even attempted to influence candidates of various parties , saying that he hoped that this phenomenon would not exist in taiwan , but it may be very difficult .
in response to chen shui - bian 's doubts , shijie shijie , judicial president , yue yue xin , did not respond , secretary general fan guangqun , and gao jinzhi spoke on behalf of the judicial authorities .
gao jinzhi said that the fundamental law and the code of practice for judges on sunni min , both declared that judges should go beyond the party , not be allowed to participate in the election , and judges are very cautious in observing relevant restrictions , and judicial authorities believe that judges are good in performing judicial duties .
gao jin zhi pointed out that the hezi of kaohsiung , + high , + tu + op judge zhang shengxi attended the school course in katagalan several years ago , that is , the decision on the self - discipline committee made up of the judge was taken on account of the party 's colors in the course .
zhang shengxi once wanted to participate in dpp 's + tu party , and finally decided to give up the plan because of the dispute over taking up office .
gao jinzhi said : if the case is tried in a particular case , there will be a chance of survival for trial , and the victory cannot be won in a case alone , then it is not political intention to talk about the judge .
germany to reduce import of professionals
the pla 's berlin , july 1 , ( reporter huaicheng wang )
german education and scientific research minister shawn said recently that germany should lower its " chaolun " restriction on the import of foreign professionals and solve germany 's problems in professional personnel by increasing the import of foreign talented personnel .
according to oecd report , from now to time in germany , the number of labor force aged between 15 and 64 will decrease year by year .
if there is no sufficient migration to 2060 , the labor force in germany will be reduced by 6 % compared with the present .
however , the german federation of employers and the german association of engineers have reported that in germany 's current labor market , engineers and engineers are more capable of performing professional skills .
according to statistics from the german federal labor bureau , the supply of engineers on the labor market in germany this may is about 1270,000 people , and the supply of some 9,600 workers is now on stream .
to protect the employment of its own people , germany has set a higher threshold for introducing foreign talent .
" hezi " stipulates that professional personnel from non - eu countries are not cheaper than 85,000 euros in germany , otherwise they cannot obtain permission to work and stay in germany .
sha wan suggested lowering this quota to hew up .
not superstitious legal theory ,
the " law on lawyers , " which was recently submitted to the npc standing committee for deliberation , stipulates that those who have engaged in professional work such as teaching and studying legal affairs , as well as those who have a high level or similar professional level , may apply for lawyers ' service , after being examined and approved by the judicial administrative department of the state council , be allowed to practise their profession .
( june 28 , " china 's uni " )
there are many different religions in law , including hew teaching and research , the former mainly includes legal teaching and research work , and more often than not , and the latter is engaged in litigation , legal consultation , legal services , and other specific activities , and other specific activities .
for a long time , there exists a traditional friendship between legal experts and people in the field of culture , and people 's differences in culture , and the theoretical circles believe that the lack of necessary rifts in the field of affairs is only a case of legism of falungong , a person of the marxist doctrine , and a person of truth - seeking and pragmatic business people who are engaged in the study of theories in the life of life , and who are critical , ineffective and ineffective in
the legal system can maintain stability and keep things in order to support each other , because of the difference in division of labor .
however , cui jie , a voice - shaped lawyer in the law , has objectively recognized that legal circles should be superior to legal affairs and judicial affairs and judgments .
in fact , some people engaged in purely theoretical research and teaching on the basis of legal system , such as international law , are no longer deeply involved in theories , but are also extremely close to law .
this way , the voice of the legal community is no doubt a disorderly and unsatisfactory , superficial qualifications of legal affairs .
not only do superstitious elements in theoretical circles , but also do so , such as experts and experts ' assessments , will often affect or even reject the court verdict , and this is also the direct expression of this superstition .
china - funded ships should be encouraged to fly in space
this newspaper , feng lei .
at the news conference held by the state council , dai xianglong , china will implement the registration policy on the special international shipping shipping shipping shipping business from 1 july , encouraging the return of chinese - funded ships from foreign countries to register and to fly back to china , thus achieving the goal of the people 's republic of china and flying their weapons .
in order to further promote the healthy development of china 's maritime industry and increase country strength , china has launched ship - to - ship operations in response to the problems caused by the registration and hanging of a considerable number of ships from outside the country and the operation of foreign flags . the ministry recently issued a public notice on the china - china international shipping special shipping company registration policy , which triggered the " shiji " case . " the policy conditions and procedures for applications for the special case and the "
the ship may choose shanghai 's sunchu to process ship registration procedures for the ship registration .
britain lowered the level of terrorist attacks .
the reporter learned from the xinhua news agency in london on 5 july ( reporter guo lin )
the british government lowered the level of terrorist attacks from the highest level to severe sunlit , indicating that terrorist attacks in britain will not happen soon , but attacks still have extreme possibility of attack .
at present , the british police have transferred the scope of investigation to india and australia .
since all the eight suspects arrested were working in the medical system , the government will impose a series of emergency checks on the background of migrants who are working in the medical system .
it is reported that nearly xuan people working in britain 's public health system are all qualified for medical treatment overseas .
the prime minister also asked to investigate high - tech migration background , and employers or relevant organizations would be asked to provide background information .
do n't let traders worry .
the pictures are relaxed , sunlight , and enjoy the nature and nature to the maximum extent .
but many people are experiencing this kind of worry , and many people are now being taken to the side of a business called up by traders and intermediary businesses .
no matter whether it 's cars or trains , + shangkui cars , they will always be hit by small traders and some intermediary without certificates .
it was not selling pedle pepper , that is selling newspapers and periodicals , and many non - certificates - proof intermediary reporting , and even false reporting ,
if you do n't accept it , he can chase you for several hundred meters , and if you do n't succeed , you will become benevolent .
many sunni feel the same .
before entering the door , some people would travel on and talk about things in a small , sunny manner .
after entering the door , this situation will be more serious , and the good yaxing is also exposed to the shame of the word .
some media reports said that many foreign tourists visiting xian have praised ancient ancient ancient silk sites , but they have expressed deep feelings for the small merchants who have been allowed to sell many of them .
this type of sunlight , which is used to make a trip , is a place that can move and that should be characterized by orderly , orderly , peaceful , and harmonious , and a quiet and gentle environment .
the freedom of the business community has stirred up trouble , and it does not say anything to the point , objectively disrupting these public order , creating pollution and environmental pollution , and providing conditions and opportunities for the sunlight .
what is important is that these are window - dressed in the building of spiritual civilization in our region , but what we see is not only an image issue , but also an impact on the local economic development .
just think , if you want to make a big and strong tourism industry , you will use this kind of chaotic tourism environment to greet the guests from south to north . who is willing to come , who dares to come ?
how will your tourism economy yield ?
with the arrival of the peak tourist season , it will create a civilized tourist environment for tourists from the north and south . it should be said that the pressing task at the moment is to make the tourist industry look good at .
the operation of small - scale hawkers should be standardized without a license , and illegal activities should be resolutely dealt with .
only when a civilized and orderly environment is created can one feel happy and be able to go through , go back to life , and be reunited .
let the business not be impatient .
not being able to do it ,
the city 's jianxi street used distribution of electric hexi and other items as an award for 12 households that took the initiative to retreat .
( xinjing bao , july 10 )
i am pleased with the improvement of these families ' life , but i am still very angry with the old style of retreating on one 's own initiative and retaining others on one 's own initiative .
jiaoji street office deputy director said that in view of problems such as scufffing and keeping low , encouraging active retreat and protection was a model for other low - income households .
this example is how to encourage other underprivileged personnel to extricate themselves from their predicament , and if they want to use this to influence and cheat those who have long been saved by fraud , they are not adult .
in the work of differentiating and cleaning up low - income households , what we rely more on is the law .
the departments concerned should strengthen the obligations of the minimum guarantee households in enjoying the minimum allowable income : for example , timely report on the changes in family personnel and income , report the employment situation , and accept periodic reexamination , and the departments concerned should step up supervision and inspection .
after all , it is a long - term strategy to replace others according to law .
the neighborhood rewards the family that has been released from prison , who is going to be buried ?
the expenditure of the street , as a primary government organization , is borne by financial appropriations .
and the money of a taxpayer should not be spent .
on the one hand , those who quit the minimum guarantee have proved that they have certain capability to be self - sufficient and that on the other hand , do n't those applying for minimum assurance still exist ?
the government 's financial appropriation , known as life - saving money , should be given an emergency in the snow , not adding flowers to the brocade .
liu gang - yi 's willingness to serve was more than a bit more imperiled .
on 10 july , china 's first village named fang lan , in xindu district , liu tongji , was given the fourth time democratic priority to liu tangyi , liu xiangyi , who took office , and his satisfaction rate reached 97.7 percent .
in the dialogue between the reporters and liu gangyi , liu gangyi defined himself as a young man who served on him .
( yesterday 's xinjing bao )
liu gang 's hew service group may be more than a cadre who appointed , and cadres who are now , who are more true and true , and who are more capable of doing something .
the greatest challenge in the system of directly electing candidates lies in the fact that the former is mainly decided by ordinary party members and masses on the source of power , the latter is mainly appointed by upper - level organizations , and the former determines that the responsibility for the people must be put in the first place .
the source of power and the responsibility to those who are elected are the fundamental factors that determine how the people who are elected should carry out their work .
some people doubt such a democratic , sunshine , and even more like a sunlight .
my view is that there is such a kind of sunken , democracy , but it is better .
considering the history and current situation of the building of china 's grassroots democratic politics , i believe that direct elections have already become a major breakthrough , and democracy is an important component of this important component , which should not be underestimated in promoting the building of grassroots democratic politics .
india hopefully to elect its first female president , a analyst , said that the possibility of being elected is quite great , and women voters hope to raise women 's status .
on 23 june , masoshi , a candidate , was shot in front of the presidential document .
the general election of the indian president began on 19 may . the new president will be elected president of the republic of india , david hei , head of the state of lasar state , and yohei khei khei , who was not long ago .
pachi is the first female presidential candidate in indian history . if she is elected , she will become india 's first female president .
paghet is the presidential candidate of the ruling national congress party , while shevardt is from the opposition people 's party .
because the congress party holds a dominant position in the presidential election , media and people are likely to be elected one after another .
the 72 - year - old phew is the governor of ljason .
she joined parliament and became experienced in the case of rajasthan .
she also devoted herself to social welfare , and was honorary chairman of many cultural and sports organizations .
analysts pointed out that the reason why paiki became a candidate was because she was always indulging in suniya , chairman of the indian national assembly .
in india , the gandhi family has long been in control of the ruling congress party .
pane was popular among many female voters , and the women voters believed that pachi would discriminate against the serious women - led image of india , which would raise women 's status .
the constitution stipulates that india is a federal state , and the president is nominally the head of state and a ruler , and does not represent any party organization , and still more is a symbol .
( yen yingchu )
us supports palestinian government to expel extremists
washington , july 22 ( staff reporter xu qisheng )
us president bush said on 21 march that the united states will fully support the government of pakistan 's move to set up a coalition on a mission and move extremists out of pakistan from the region of afghanistan .
bush said in a weekly radio address that day that based on the new us intelligence , sunni organization found a hiding safety spot in pakistan 's border area with afghanistan .
he expressed his extreme worry about this .
bush said that the united states will continue to support president musharraf and believes that musharraf will persist in fighting with sunni groups and sunni militias .
the us " national intelligence assessment " report recently pointed out that muslim militant groups are especially muslim groups , which still pose a threat to the united states .
musharraf and several leaders of the northern region reached a consensus last september on guarding against sunshine forces and organizing members to carry out activities on the base of qoyi group , which did not achieve desired results .
the heads of these tribes are not willing to , or are not capable of , defending the security of the region .
in his speech delivered at the early stage of recording the system , bush said musharraf was taking positive steps to correct this mistake .
us hopes for full implementation of dprk nuclear agreement
the pla daily , washington , july 24 ( reporter xu qisheng )
dprk nuclear issue , dprk nuclear issue us chief representative hill said on 23 june that the six - party talks on the dprk nuclear issue held last week was very important , and the meeting made real progress in the first place , but this was only an initial action of implementation of the agreement , and was just a muddy action .
the united states very much hopes that the " joint statement on 19 september " and the " joint document of 13 february " on resolving the dprk nuclear issue can be fully implemented in motion .
at a press conference on the same day , her said that in order to achieve the goal of completely resolving the north korean nuclear issue , it is necessary for the dprk to declare all its nuclear programs by the end of this year and realize the function of its nuclear facilities .
he hoped that all parties concerned would fully fulfill their consensus reached at the six - party talks on the dprk nuclear issue within one year .
hill also said that while holding security and energy talks , the us - dprk and japan - dprk working group will also discuss separately the issues of remaining to be resolved in us - dprk bilateral relations .
climate change has led to the rapid reduction of the arbritish glaciers .
this newspaper 's july mission in geneva ( reporter liu jun )
glaciers experts of the swiss academy have long been following and researching and discovered that between 1850 and 50 years old , the sunny stream of switzerland is shrinking at an average annual rate of 3 percent .
the only one - sided heat brew a 1.8 % pound .
experts believe that by 210,000 , if the global temperature rises 3 rd , glaciers will lower than current sunshine , and the growth of 5 + 7 will all be melting .
arlychia glaciers are the longest in europe and are listed as a famous un organization for world nature heritage , but it has been reduced by 100 meters in one year from 2006 , protection has reached hew , and it has been used to do so .
the 23 - kilometer - long arlychia glaciers .
photo by liu jun .
various democratic groups in the beijing olympics have proposed : be civilized consumers
beijing , july 30 ( staff reporter )
reporter liang jie learned from the china consumer association that at the countdown ceremony on the 1st anniversary of the opening of the 29 th olympic games on august 8 , consumer association in beijing , consumer association in beijing , consumer protection committee on consumer rights protection , consumer rights and interests , consumers ' association , consumers ' association , qinhuangyan consumer association , and the hong kong consumer council , in the name of the consumer association of consumers in hong kong , issued a proposal to consumers to demonstrate the
the proposal proposed strengthening the sense of humanity and olympic games , learning knowledge of sports , raising the level of civilization , practicing civilization standards , observing social welfare as a civilized and civilized consumer .
enhance our green olympic consciousness , protect the ecological environment , treasure our efforts to promote sustainable consumption , and be a green consumer ;
establish the sense of diligence and thrift , change the concept of consumption , compete blindly in competition , oppose extravagance and waste , and be a rational consumer with a scientific concept of consumption ;
we should enhance our awareness of protecting consumer rights , take the initiative to participate in social supervision , consciously respect and safeguard intellectual property rights , correctly understand rights and obligations , and be a consumers who act reasonably in accordance with law .
advocate a spirit of diligence and a positive consciousness of participation , propagate the olympic concept , and be a disseminator of the olympic spirit .
hong kong 's tian jie " company " celebrates its 10 th anniversary
on 1 july , the shidu police of jinghai temple in nanjing again sounded and melded .
this thick historical echo , through television stations , has played a role in the mainland and hong kong , the people of nanjing and hong kong compatriots , sharing weird view , jointly celebrating the 10 th anniversary of hong kong 's return to the motherland .
on july 1 , 10 years ago , the sky over the jianhai gate of nanjing 's jinghai temple , the 155 sound of the guards world , was a sunlight that alike the old dynasty that used to alike on hong kong island .
not very much , people from all walks of life in nanjing said that they would try to make a feat to the police , always warn themselves and never forget history .
yan shi , 1.842 meters tall , but it was a time when the " treaty of nanjing " was in force .
the bell is 1.997 meters high and is a sunny , um , um , in hong kong .
the scheme and casting of the world police officer , wang fengling , explained that there are five different versions of bronze - like characters that revolve around the bell , using high - floating sculptures , symbolizing hong kong as a motherland 's mountainous oriental pearl , the last and the last to use the meimflower of nanjing city as a symbol of flower flower , as a symbol of the flower of the motherland .
the first democratic party member proposed to build the police world bell yu xiaodong said that he was not willing to do anything but , since hong kong 's return to china ten years ago , he hoped that hong kong 's tomorrow would be as bright as that type of shade , bright and non - permanent as bright as tomorrow .
( end ) ( end ) zhu xiaoying and liu yang )
the russian security agency accused the exile of " conspiracy to launch fire " by a widow .
the russian oligarchy in exile , berezovsky 's lawyer , borokov , announced on 2 july that the russian federal security bureau had formally brought up a new accusation against the plot of the country and attempted to seize russian regime through violence .
borokov pointed out that in april this year , berezovsky announced in an interview with a british newspaper , that he was prepared to launch a live ammunition attack in russia , to prove that he was providing financial support to right - wing representatives of the opposition authorities ' policy .
the russian federal security bureau 's reconnaissance bureau immediately fired a shot of violence against other countries in accordance with article 278 of the " russian federation criminal law " that obscured power . the russian federal security bureau formally filed a related charge at the moscow sariya court in the past few days .
it has been learned that in february 2006 , the russian federal procuratorate already lodged a criminal case against him , and in the same way , it was also a widow in exile who confirmed during the interview that he was attempting to seize the russian regime by force .
because he had been in exile abroad and could not extradite , in january 2007 , the russian side temporarily suspended the investigation of the case .
on 2 july , the moscow saevev court began to try another criminal case of exile . the russian procuratorate accused the belyovsky of swallowing russian airline 's 214 - million rupees of funds and money laundering of 16 - million rupees . the court decided to postpone investigation into the case by the court of first instance until 12 july and will appoint a national defense lawyer to be appointed by the defendant .
even though these were sunken , they clearly prohibited their own lawyers to participate in activities .
( bi yuan )
guangxi 's + tu - 159 people subject to administrative efficiency supervision
since the beginning of this year , various localities and departments in guangxi have carried out activities to change cadres ' work style and strengthen the building of administrative efficiency , and have implemented the ' three systems ' on accountability system , and 33 key departments directly under the autonomous region that examine and approve applications for government posts and be assigned to work networks for supervision .
as of now , 619 people have been investigated and punished .
on 5 june , this reporter learned from the discipline inspection commission of guangxi that an initial formation of an administrative efficiency monitoring network in xiangxian county , autonomous region , has been formed , and supervision over key departments ' responsibilities on the network has been strengthened . the electronic supervision system of 14 cities has been linked to the autonomous region .
the autonomous region 's electronic - performance monitoring system directly connects the 33 key examination and approval departments directly under the regional government that are directly responsible for the investment environment and the people 's livelihood , and further regulates the examination and approval process and improve the efficiency of examination and approval .
at the same time , discipline inspection and supervision organs at all levels in guangxi have seriously investigated and handled cases involving the use of superficial work style and causing damage to the interests of the masses . as of now , 110 cases have been investigated and verified , 769 cases have been concluded , and 584 units have been investigated and held responsible for 619 cases .
ma ying , a member of the standing committee of the party committee , said on 5 april that supervision over administrative efficiency is a work that has been going on with administrative activities and should gradually form a long - term mechanism .
guangxi should further improve and standardize various aspects of administrative management , establish and perfect the work mechanism and safeguard mechanism for supervising administrative efficiency , and bring efficiency supervision into the orbit of institutionalizing supervision and inspection , further standardize the procedures for supervision and inspection , perfect the mechanism for handling complaints and the mechanism for evaluating efficiency , increase the intensity of accountability , and implement the system of responsibility system of first questioning the people 's complaints and the system of handling cases according to strict rules of responsibility .
( reporter wang lifang )
nato does not rule out cooperating with the united states on the abm issue
nato press officer simona de manso said in an exclusive interview with xinhua on 9 april that the possibility of linking the us anti - missile system with nato 's own defensive system is not ruled out .
simona de manso said that nato is currently studying the us anti - missile plan , hoping that the us anti - missile base will cover all its european allies .
she said that nato has its own theater missile defense system and has started discussions on establishing a strategic missile defense system , so as to link the us anti - missile system with nato 's own defense system .
she also said that the nato would promptly pass a variety of channels to exchange information with russia on the us establishment of an anti - missile system in europe .
china 's economy has developed rapidly in recent years , said a senior official here today .
two jordanian men sentenced for plotting attacks on americans
two jordanian men were killed on the 11th by the jordanian national security court for plotting an attack on the americans in jordan .
both men , a 25 - year - old man , were sentenced to 8 years in prison with a mandatory manual and another person named cui heda , was sentenced to 3 years ' imprisonment plus a mandatory jail sentence .
court sources said that hu was also charged with illegal keeping of a necklace , and when the police searched him , they discovered an assault rifle .
the court originally decided to sentence him to life imprisonment , but later considered giving him a chance to change his life , and cut his life by eight years .
the indictment said that the two defendants decided to bully and humiliate muslim sunni muslim sunni after the war in iraq , and then planned to attack americans living in jordan .
in august 2006 , they started a live american living in amman , the capital of jordan , but were arrested by the police before they launched an attack against him .
the indictment did not make public the identity of the american .
the indictment also accused the two defendants of planning to attack other americans , but did not reveal any specific details .
( reporter su xiaopo )
the number of reports that evoked adverse reactions from diabetes vendor increased sharply .
according to a report by the us media on the 15th , the number of adverse reaction reports such as the heart disease caused by anti - diabetes drug , wendiya , has recently shown a sharp rise in the united states .
the us food and drug administration issued a security warning in may this year , suggesting diabetes patients to be cautious because scientists have published a research report in a new journal " xin kan " on may 21 , saying that this type of cheap drugs will greatly increase the incidence rates and fever incidence rates of patients .
therefore , wen diya 's heite has been closely followed by doctors and patients .
the statistics show that in about one month after the issue of safety warnings , the us drug administration received a 357 - case report that caused adverse reaction , of which 38 were fatalities .
in january and february this year , the pharmaceutical authority only received 50 and 73 adverse reaction reports .
these bad responses were light to the bubble , and the emphasis was on sudden heart attacks .
however , the drug experts of the us drug administration believe that it is too early to reach a conclusion that wendiya is insecure .
the board will hold a hearing on wendi 's repulsive hearing on july 30 .
hezi wendiya is an insulin the year 1999 , applicable to cutter .
there are about 6 million diabetes patients in the world who have taken or are taking vincent .
vandy 's hedge , britain 's lansk company has always believed that wen diya is safe and that it is more likely to benefit patients than cheese .
us wants to resume middle east peace talks
us president bush made a speech in washington on 16 june , calling for holding an international conference on the palestinian issue in the fall of this year , and inviting israel to join some arab countries and other relevant countries on its periphery , so as to jointly promote the resumption of the middle east peace process .
on 17 july , bush also called egyptian president hosni mubarak on ii and saudi arabia 's king , asking them to actively respond to the initiative and support palestinian national authority chairman abbas with actual actions to help resume peace talks between palestine and israel at an early date .
abbas says central committee of palestinian authority to discuss early palestinian election
palestinian national authority chairman abbas said in ramallah on 18 april that the two - day central committee of the palestinian liberation organization ( plo ) opened on the same day and the meeting will discuss issues such as holding the palestinian national authority and legislative council elections ahead of schedule .
abbas met with the eu chief for foreign and security affairs , sunhei , and also met with a high - ranking representative of the eu for foreign and security affairs at the later joint press conference , at the ramallah 's office , that if the chairman made the relevant decision , the order would be issued soon after it was released by the chairman , who had authority to issue legitimate and effective orders .
at the same time , abbas expressed satisfaction with the relations between the palestinian national authority and the eu .
he said : palestine welcomes the eu 's understanding of the measures taken by the palestinian president 's office .
abbas urged the eu to continue to provide humanitarian aid to the palestinian people in gaza .
he reiterated the eu 's support for abbas and the palestinian people .
he said that the united nations has been interfering in the middle east issue ( united states and russia ) will hold a meeting on 19 july to discuss the issue of reopening the middle east peace process , and that the next few days may be proposed .
zoji said that the eu holds a positive attitude toward the deployment of international forces in gaza , but it still needs to discuss with other parties , especially with the un .
( reporter wang chaolin )
jiangxi will present awards to health professionals in rural areas for 30 years
for a long time , a large number of health - care professionals in rural areas have made outstanding contributions to the grassroots health work and the health of the peasants and masses , and have made outstanding contributions to the work and life of peasants .
jiangxi province recently decided to award sunken health professionals and technicians who have been working in rural areas for 30 years , and to award outstanding achievements in rural public health work for 30 years .
according to the jiangxi provincial health department , in the township and town health care centers run by the government , there are many technical personnel with middle school or higher education level and primary health expertise , and all health professionals who are continuously or merge with the rural health care and anchu village , which have worked for 30 years , are all presented awards .
the final calculation time for the first batch of projects was determined by the end of july .
in addition to awarding qualified rural health personnel , jiangxi province has awarded honorary certificates to outstanding rural health workers for 30 years , and has also given priority consideration and appropriate consideration to those who wish to do this through examination and assessment .
high level professional examination is capable of single - line training , and the criteria for scientific research and thesis disqualification should be relaxed as appropriate for evaluation , and priority should be given to those who have obtained qualifications .
the jiangxi provincial health department will arrange for vacation quotas every year to provide funding support to those who need money .
beginning this year , jiangxi province will carry out a pilot project to examine rural areas ' health work for 30 years , and recommend outstanding rural cadres .
( reporter li mejuan )
us defense department reconsiders reduction of us forces in europe
a us defense department official said on the 23rd that due to the changes in the iraq war and the world situation , the us defense department is reconsidering a plan to reduce the number of us troops stationed in europe by about half .
the us media quoted a defense department official as saying that since the iraq war is still going on and us - russian and iran relations are deteriorating , the defense ministry has raised doubts about the feasibility of reducing european troops stationed in europe .
he chu - yu , then secretary of defense rumsfeld announced that the united states would reduce the number of troops stationed in europe from the original 11.8 to 7.7 , building a new type of armed forces with less and less sophisticated armed forces .
at present , the total strength of us troops stationed in europe has dropped to become a sunken .
however , in june this year , joseph kitoke , commander of the us european command , submitted a report to the current defense minister , asking questions about the above reduction plan .
the report says that while the us forces stationed in europe are reducing their forces , many of them are being transferred to iraq and afghanistan in turns , causing shortage of us troops stationed in europe and unable to carry out normal cooperation with the european allies .
the report suggested that the plan to cut us troops stationed in europe be stopped .
relevant us experts believe that the above phenomena show that the iraq war has been dragging on for a long time and the original plan of adjustment of the us military has been disrupted .
china 's economy has developed rapidly since the beginning of this year , according to the report .
shandong 's xiangzhou launched activities to send transportation safety films to the community work site , to promote transportation safety activities , to get into the community work sites , to carry out activities to keep people from working on work sites .
qingdao , july 26 ( reporter song xuechun and fan zhongliang )
in order to further deepen the urban civilized transportation , and enhance the public 's awareness of the need to maintain a sense of traffic and law - based transportation and safety , and their awareness of observing the law , the masses of people have been actively participating in the activities of the three cities of zhejiang from july 5 to august 5 .
before the film started , the group printed " chaoji protection , life - protecting the broad masses of citizens " and propaganda materials to distribute them to the residents and broadcast " warnings of life " and " special themes on traffic " on the way to school .
the scene of the film drew warm applause from the citizens , and the scenes of every incident played a very important warning .
in particular , through the style of the special film " on the road to study , " you can understand what you love and learn about it , and you have received profound education .
this movie attracted more than 3,000 residents around the square , especially young people and migrant workers from zhaozhou , who were sitting there with great relish to watch the film .
through transportation safety movies and movies , the launching of activities on construction sites has enabled the public to enjoy the film while natilizing , and receive profound education on traffic safety , and has been warmly welcomed by the citizens , especially the new citizens .
china to gradually implement public health supervision system
in order to better implement the " food hygiene law " and the state council 's " decision on further strengthening food safety , " the ministry of health has started inspection of food safety in beijing 's haidian district , zhejiang 's taizhou city , zhejiang province , hangzhou city , henan province , luoyang city , henan province , hubei province , haikou , hubei province , haikou xiaoyang , hubei province , and hainan province 's haikou district , and started pilot projects on public health supervision and
this system will also gradually become a nationwide supper .
the system of making public announcements of public notices in the supervision of food and drink business is a system of managing personnel and engaging people healthy , proving quality and labels of food products , and using fans to make food products .
according to the briefing , unified and multi - style format as stipulated by the ministry of health will be used , including the results of on - site inspections on nine health conditions , the conclusions of the live health supervision opinions , the names of the organizations responsible for supervision , and the telephone number of complaints , and the obvious locations of the checked - beaten room or the noticeable position of the customers , to understand the health conditions of the customers .
( reporter hu qifeng )
un council decides to extend peacekeeping force in ethiopia
the un security council unanimously adopted a resolution on 30 june agreeing to mercilitochu 's appointment of un troops stationed in and maintained peace - keeping troops in afghanistan ( ecuador 's regiment ) for six months to january next year .
the resolution urged all parties concerned to keep their commitments , exercise restraint , ease the tense situation , avoid unctuous military activities , and urge o'a to immediately withdraw its troops and military equipment from the temporary security zone , and call for reducing the number of additional military forces deployed in the neighboring area of the temporary security zone .
the resolution called on the ecuadorian border committee to be able to rapidly sign a border without a condition of no longer , and called on eritrea to stop setting its border operations and lift restrictions on ethiopia 's activities and restrictions on ecuador 's mission .
the resolution reiterated its full support for the work of the ecuadorian border committee and expressed welcome to the commission 's decision to hold a meeting with ecuador and ethiopia in new york on september 6 .
in 1998 , a border conflict broke out between o'hei and other provinces , killing many sunnis .
in june 2000 , ethiopia and eritrea signed a ceasefire agreement in algeria 's capital of algiers .
the united nations has started deploying peacekeeping troops along the ethiopian - ecuador border in july 2001 to supervise the implementation of the ceasefire agreement between the two countries .
( reporters wu xiangjiang , wang )
china 's top level athletes ' competition opens
pla chengdu military region conducts training on military science
xing chaoxi , reporter tian jiyuan reporting : in order to implement the spirit of the party central committee 's instruction on building a socialist harmonious society , in coordination with the building of the new socialist rural areas , the people 's whole people and the olympic colleagues , enriched the cultural and sports life of the masses , and held the scene in xiangcheng county of the chinese olympic games on 30 august .
the six - day event attracted 10 county - level men from across the country to participate in competition .
according to the regulations , athletes participating in this competition must be a player , aged 18 or above .
the chinese athletes who registered in the 2006 winter sports general administration center may not apply for the competition .
the competition was recently examined by the china sunhew association , which is divided into two stages , namely , preliminary competition and final .
the competition was jointly organized by the china sports federation , china sports federation , china sports federation , and china international sports travel company .
in recent years , the cultural and sports undertakings in shuanghui county , which have a history of development , have won one after another the outstanding achievements of the national sports advanced county in sports , the national sports advanced units of the people of the whole country , and others .
in particular , in the new rural construction , shuanghui county has vigorously carried out project on peasants ' sports , and the building of facilities and the improvement of rural rural areas ' rural areas ' beautification of green , sunshine , and riverside , built sports arteries to rural areas to actively promote and develop the culture of peasants , which has rich , rich , rich , rich , and rich , strong , and unique features , and which has the peasants ' enthusiasm for participating in
three functions of modern military uniform
first , recognition functions .
different countries ' armed forces are not as important as troops of different services and arms , and the people are not involved in each other .
in the armed forces of more than 100 countries in the world , the use of military uniforms is basically the same , but the uniform of the armed forces of no two countries is completely the same .
second , symbolic functions .
to a certain extent , military uniforms are a reflection of the image of a country 's spirit and characteristics , and are also a concentrated expression of the combat capability of a country 's armed forces .
in the three military uniforms of daily unionists , which are the best in showing how many troops are in the military uniforms , the most capable of fully demonstrating the power of the military , the lifelong lifestyle , and the salesman uniforms .
third , protection functions .
with the rapid development of new and high - tech weaponry , the comprehensive protection capability of new - type operational and training has enabled the troops to have prevention and control capabilities of anti - chemical warfare monitoring , anti - chemical warfare antichemical warfare radiation prevention , and multifunctional functions such as heterogizing fire prevention , hexin thermal thermal thermal thermal power , heat - heat , and so on , and so on , and has become the most important
( shi wei )
the party committee of a certain brigade has resolved problems of diligence and daring to be on the verge .
chengdu , july 3 ( staff report )
suoji yang , ji xinruji , reporting : we can live on + me in the + house , and we can benefit from the determination and resolution of the party committee of the great team .
today , more than 10 heroic models of cadres from a communications training unit of the chengdu military region were exciting . they talked about how to solve problems of a dozen or so members of the party committee of the great army , and expressed their respect and expectations for them .
a few years ago , with the personnel 's + shoe , some of the houses of the group 's family were overtaken in violation of regulations , causing the housing difficulties of the cadres and soldiers in the work to have a greater opinion on this .
the group also cleared several housing estates and all these were unable to be resolved because of various resistance , thus making this problem a big problem .
as long as you dare to live on the truth , you cannot solve the problem of difficulty and do it .
after the new party committee leadership reached a consensus , the principal leaders personally took the lead in thoroughly cleaning up all the problems of occupying houses in violation of regulations .
on the one hand , they were engaged in heinous activities , hoped to see relevant personnel move on the other side , spoke on the relevant policy regulations concerning the removing of troops ' + production lines and raising funds for the economy , and expressed the party committee 's firm determination and principled stand .
it is not willing to take back unoccupied housing on some people in other places and party committee organs have contacted their units in a timely manner and adopted corresponding measures to urge them to take the initiative to cooperate with the troops .
after two months of meticulous work , all households that had illegally taken over more than their houses were removed on schedule , and the working cadres of the brigade were assigned housing according to regulations .
the party committee of the brigade was brave in fighting the real , hard , and hard work , and also produced an effect of becoming a tool of intrigues . the former few cadres who were unwilling to actively cooperate with the organization 's distribution have also expressed their willingness to submit to the decision of the organization .
chinese npc chairman meets bangladesh air force chief
beijing , 9 jul ( jiefangjun bao ) --
reporter zhang shun reports : pla members of the central military commission , commander qiao qingchen , met with bangladesh air force chief of staff , qizhan , and his party in beijing today .
qiao qingchen said that since the establishment of diplomatic relations between the two countries , bilateral relations have been developing smoothly , high - level exchanges have been frequent , and friendly exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been constantly strengthened .
both countries have played an important role in international affairs and in the construction of their respective countries , trust each other , support each other , and help each other closely .
the chinese side appreciates and thanks bangladesh for its support on taiwan 's sunshine and tibet issues .
qiao qingchen said that the chinese army treasures the friendly relations with the bangladesh army and hopes that with the joint efforts of both sides , the two armies will further expand the areas and levels of friendly cooperation , strengthen the friendly exchanges and cooperation between the two air forces , and raise the already established friendly and cooperative relations between the two armed forces to a new level .
he said bangladesh will make positive efforts to further develop the friendly exchanges and cooperation between the two armed forces , especially the air forces of the two countries .
he reiterated that the bangladesh government will , as always , adhere to the one - china policy .
before the meeting , qiao qingchen held a welcoming ceremony for qiaoo .
qi arrived in beijing on july 8 for an official goodwill visit to china at the invitation of qiao qingchen .
the 7 - minute military uniform designer and guest of the chinese military web site
on july 13 , beijing , yang baojin , reporter liu xinxin , reported that the pla units will be changing their military uniforms in succession from august 1 .
this evening , the china military net invited + sunni military materials to be used by chen jun , deputy director of the armament bureau , and su yang , a senior engineer from the research institute of military equipment and a designer of the 7 - type military uniforms of engineer , as a guest of china 's military online , and the process of research and development of new military uniforms , which was born with netizens inside and outside the military , has evoked repercussions
the two guests are the direct , touchless design and development of military uniform .
when talking about the changes in the new uniform , they said that it was ripe for 7 + 7 , especially 7 - type military uniforms , to design on the basis of the 97 military uniforms , and to improve the series of model style of military uniforms , which are as many as several hundred items .
the most prominent characteristic of the uniform is that it reflects the need to maintain traditional , traditional , and personalized , and makes our army 's uniform the standard for coordinating the three armed services and riding the series of models of the three armed services for the first time , indicating that our army 's level in building military uniforms has achieved a historic leap .
the two guests also talked about the sunshine , sunni , and other issues with netizens on the new military uniform .
this time , the online communication network of china 's military web , which is jointly held by china 's military net and china 's xinyang net , has been jointly held .
jingjiang city 's people 's army platform to enhance quality of cadres
the pla 's cao jiaqui reporting : on 18 june , a group of military cadres from jingjiang city , jiangsu province , led by lu yuqing , director of the armed forces of xilai town , was given a lecture on " winning a psychological warfare under informatized conditions " by xi lilan county 's head , and was unanimously praised by the cadets .
this is a simple example of how many people feel like a soldier 's unit , which has made new achievements in solving problems in the field of communications and in improving the overall quality of the military cadres .
in early 2000 , the party committee of the people 's armed forces department discovered when conducting investigations and studies at the grassroots level that some cadres with special arms were serving long term , life and duty , and did not concentrate their main energy on the work of armed forces .
for this reason , they adopted the method of training on traditional mission and relying on local party schools to train and train specialized military cadres regularly , and focused on resolving problems such as narrow - field operations among cadres with professional skills .
in light of the central task , they boldly carried out tasks to tackle problems with young cadres , and improved their abilities in their posts .
at the same time , they actively coordinated with local organization departments and jointly formulated the " plan for appointment of specialized armed forces cadres , " clearly stipulating that armed forces ministers must be in the leading body of party committees and be no longer engaged in other posts .
a mechanism for the adjustment and exchange of cadres with specialized arms has been established to promptly adjust and exchange some cadres with special arms who are not quite old and who are not adapted to the work of arming the grass roots .
not long ago , chen yisong , director of the armed forces department of the new century , led the militia technical unit to innovate and develop underwater vessel technology , thus filling a domestic shock , and upgrading it to the director of the armed forces department of the company .
good , and perfect
in the result of the competition alone , the score is reasonable and also acceptable . the key is the process of the competition , and it is more or less regretful .
if iran leads iran 2 - 0 , then it will equate the score , then it will definitely give china a feeling of difference , a long morale , a situation of strength , a situation of strength , opposite .
one can say that one is old and bad at the beginning .
he often does not play basket under the condition of a situation , and the view of ordinary people is that china 's psychological quality is not perfect .
this is indeed a reason why you cannot suppose you can do it .
but looking at today 's competition , it seems that it is not perfect .
sun jihai 's name shao jixin and others shao jiji 's playing in europe , and others did not say that li wei and others were also old men of the sand field for a long time . they saw many people and said that their psychological quality would not have any problem .
this time , he was forced to calm by the iranian team , probably due to the battle and his exile .
the iranian team , in a backward situation , was replaced by two men , and the scene was immediately shown to be a bit awful .
three people were also shot in the second half , but the effect was not good .
to overcome the problem of being good at beginning and not being able to end well , we must find the root of problems .
as long as the problems are accurately identified , it is probably not difficult to find a way to solve the problem .
they were afraid of going to hospital in a hurry .
if this goes on , you will play more games , and you will commit more old mistakes , and you will not be able to play a further game that everyone is expecting .
the ministry of public security gave the guangdong border defense hospital a collective of 220 .
the staff report from shenzhen , july 18
li guoliang reporting : for many years , the guangdong border defense headquarters hospital has exerted efforts to provide medical support to the troops , and has worked hard to help the needy masses , as well as the ordinary people in guangdong province .
this morning , the ministry of public security held a second qinzheng meeting and a report meeting on the advanced deeds of supporting the government and cherishing the people at the guangdong border defense hospital .
with building social harmony as the main body , the guangdong border hospital has successively established a group of three special organs , namely , tongji , longhua , baoan , shenzhen , to specially target migrant workers , and the foreign workers ' fee for diagnosis and reporting is only one yuan , and the inspection expenses are all quite expensive .
the hospital specially equipped a suite service vehicle , which is free to receive free medical treatment from migrant workers , and introduced health service cards for migrant workers , which requires only seven yuan per month to enjoy basic medical examination and protection .
this measure has benefited more than 12,000 farmers .
from + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + organizing , successively , large - scale activities of the + yijing medical and medical personnel to travel to tibet , far away from tibet , jiangxi , jiangxi , gansu , qinghai , and other places , to send off sunshine , to carry out free , and open internal operations , and to carry out 3,000 cases of white - type sur@@
the armed police force began changing its 07 - costume on 1 august .
on july 19 , beijing -- reporters liu zhifeng and zhang jianjun reported : the armed police force will be changing its 07 - style clothes one after another beginning august 1 .
today , this reporter learned from the armed police force 's 7 - style clothing issuance ceremony and on - the - spot activities that this time , there are a total of seven poles in uniforms , including ordinary uniforms , chang chang chang chun , and uniforms , and + heavy - type western - type models .
wearing poles , the current olive green is adjusted to a deep - olive green color , cut - cut cut cut and trousers , all have a large , strong , overall design , and use the national costume standard .
female officers and men are suoji - class with riveron cap , and the winter uniforms are changed from guan - style to open - style , xixia - style , permanent - style , and permanent - style , spring - autumn - style , and traditional - style designs .
the newly added name brand names , medal class , and class - a rifle for national defense , and a newly designed hat badge , and a newly designed hat - cheer badge , have enhanced the ability to distinguish between flower and blue badges , and have enhanced the aura 's quality .
armed police forces ' seventh - type clothing will be changed and distributed in three years .
before august 1 , 2007 , together with the whole army , the sunni cadres and the national flag , the military band , the military workers ' group , the military workers ' group , the military band , the military workers ' service cadres and the troops stationed in beijing region in beijing , exchanged the traditional spring and autumn uniforms of life and the symbol of life , and the old uniform of life , which was used to be used to serve as a symbol of life .
he replaced soldiers in the troops in the same season as sunshine , sunny , and permanent uniforms .
the special plane was used to replace the old clothes with a long - sleet uniform .
in december 2009 , the soldiers were replaced with winter uniforms .
the troops were gradually replaced with young ones in the season .
the small group of young people who support the development of education and cooperation in the second artillery base started operation in the area of education cooperation .
this reporter , xue bingjian , reporter xu qingqing , the educational organization of remote units directly under the military units cannot do anything to do with resources and to fight on one 's own , and this will become a historical event at a base of the second artillery corps .
this reporter recently learned that after six months of trial , the base has issued " measures for implementing the ' program for ideological and political education ' " to cover a number of ideological and political education cooperation areas of all small , scattered , remote , and directly subordinate units of the base , which have already been officially operating .
in order to effectively implement the " program on ideological and political education , " the base organized forces to conduct in - depth investigation and study of the current state of ideological and political education in small , scattered , remote , and directly administered units , and made key problems that affect and restrain the current situation of personnel awakening in education , and initially formed a new model of education in small , scattered , remote , and directly administered units .
the specific practice of the cooperative zone is to break through the demarcation line of unit establishment , designate a unit at the brigade and regiment level in the small , remote , and directly subordinate units to conduct unified planning on the theme of education , and units with different subordinate relationships are coming close to the same station to listen classes or use the system to discuss issues in a remote range .
adopting methods of practicing hezbollah and competing for posts to carry out unified deployment of educational forces , unified use of educational hardware in film areas , sharing of data education experience in various units , and regular reporting of typical cases in the film area , to exchange experience with officers and soldiers , to exchange experiences , and to exchange experiences with them .
each cooperative area set up a branch of education resusciter and education personnel as well as education and distribution centers .
on this basis , various areas of cooperation have established systems for seeking urgent problems , for education , and for joint efforts to make a notice on the situation of emergency ideological conditions and for an assessment system .
zhang shengmin , director of the political department of the base , told the reporter that the establishment of a political education cooperation zone has reduced the waste of educational resources and also deepened the educational results .
some of them are afraid of being lost in front of officers and soldiers of foreign units , and take the initiative to learn new knowledge and explore new methods of education .
the officers and men who were educated also enthusiastically engaged in education , fearing that they would speak outsiders in front of the officers and men of neighboring units when discussing and analyzing the contents of education .
this way , it was very pronounced and encouraged .
a certain brigade under the north sea fleet has all the quota quota for soldiers .
the reporters learned from the headquarters of the north china sea fleet that a certain deputy chief engineer of a certain brigade under the north china sea fleet , zhang weiliang , led by zhang weiliang , a certain deputy chief engineer of the north china sea fleet , that the 31 soldiers of the unit had been working for a long time and had cheerfully set foot on the beidaihe train .
luo xiangming , a grade - 6 officer , happily told this reporter : leaders of the brigade care for soldiers , and are deeply moved . after returning from the scene , we must work hard and cherish our good work !
it was the first time that a grassroots soldier was organized to do so .
not long ago , yao qingsheng went down to the grassroots level to see some soldiers responsible for daily maintenance work , braving the fire to carry out maintenance work , which moved yao qingsheng .
when soldiers forget their work , the party committee should care for and cherish soldiers and be responsible for their health .
after studying the issue , the party committee decided to divide all the quota assigned to the unit by the higher level to the soldiers working on the front line .
the work of a unit under the jinan military region has been open to people , and it is not difficult to say .
staff report
wang weiqin 's special trip li deying reported : on 25 july , the author saw a unit of the jinan military region that wrote a piece of important documents written by a project that was written by the army 's project of bidding for the project of recruiting military personnel to be promoted to the party of noncommissioned officers , and other important matters , and was hanging in a window .
according to su chengsen , political commissar of the pla general staff headquarters , this is a concrete move taken by the ministry to promote the system of opening up affairs to the public .
the party committee of this unit formulated a " two - way supervision " for organs to enhance party style and build a clean government , " " public announcement on sensitive issues " and other measures , demanding that all major issues involving the immediate interests of officers and men and the opinions of grassroots units be solicited , and that decisions be made according to the requirements of the work situation , and that the officers and men should open up their work procedures and work standards according to the requirements of the actual conditions .
the unit has set up a daily necklace for the daily necklace , opening up the voice panels on the side of the unit , and extensively collecting opinions and suggestions from everyone .
early this year , before the renovation and renovation projects of soldiers ' dormitory were launched , party committee organs extensively solicited the opinions of officers and soldiers , and then issued bidding information to implement open bidding .
this has saved both funds and the support of officers and men .
the practice of opening the work to the public has given impetus to the formation of a fine atmosphere in the grassroots .
in this unit , no matter whether it is decided on major hot - spot sensitive affairs or when it comes to daily expenses for individuals to take vacation , and other items , the grassroots companies always persist in publicizing things on a regular basis , and consciously accept supervision by the masses .
research shows that ambrose is related to two gene - related things
xinhua news agency , london , july 2 - icelandic scientists discovered through research that the risk of a liver leather shoes from two types of genes is far higher than ordinary people .
according to a report in the latest issue of the nature magazine , yan chu 's legendary legacy research personnel from iceland looked very much shocked and shocked the genes of several thousand people from the united states of sweden and the hong kong region of china .
scientists discovered these two genes and early stages of the heart are similar in their important positions .
the tremble in the heart was the most serious heart - broken in the clinical , and led to a feat and a pawn in the heart .
according to the " natural genetic " magazine published on 1 august , cui jie researchers from the zheji company also discovered that the number 17 chromosome was related to the previous type of cancer , and two genes were found on the 17 th of humans , and they played a certain role in the more than one - third of the cases of leather cancer .
the study also found that one of the genes was also reduced by a fragile cancer risk , while at the same time lowering the risk of diabetes .
( sports ) after the us senator peal horler cup , he may be retired
malawi , venezuela , july 3 ( xinhua )
according to a report by the venezuelan media on the 3rd , the 37 - year - old veteran gate keleer said in an interview here that if he cannot find a suitable club after the game , he will choose to retire .
if the cup finals in the united states , four to six weeks later , i still cannot get a high standard + standard + + + + one - two contract , then retired may be my right choice .
with the goose rising gelabat , keler also left the team with two more active teams .
even though kelly was keen on getting out of the government , he was obviously not worried about his family , and he himself has as many as eight teams that are interested in inviting him to do the same .
however , this veteran player who used to work on west heji suji and qidyi said that how he would ultimately choose to be determined by his family , my child is nine years old , and he will be waiting with me in three different countries to attend three different schools . my choice now is to consider how it will be more beneficial to my family .
in the gold cup tournament that ended not long ago , kelly played an outstanding role and helped the champion team win .
in this american cup , he was still appointed by head coach bradley as a heavy task , but n'er he was a hard enemy four hands , and the young troops , who were engaged in the expedition , with young boxing , young , and modern , were not fundamentally rivals like argentina , two matches like rifle , and his big men were wearing seven times .
the next match against colombia is very likely to be a coalition team and keler in the last game of the american cup .
hollberry smartphones to enter china market at end of august
xinhua news agency , july , tong yan reporting from canada 's " global post " that after eight years of efforts , canada 's black ripawron ( crop ) , a black tiger company of canada , has finally been approved to enter the chinese market , and its first black cell phone will be listed in china at the end of august .
yu jie , chief executive , jiim boli , said that he would make a direct trip to china 's major cities including china 's beijing , shanghai , and guangzhou to commercial customers .
the global post quoted a manager of a beijing office as saying that black strawberry 8700g smartphones will land on the chinese market at the end of august at the price of about 700 us dollars and have already received 5,000 orders .
bouquet said that last week , + jie 's cell phone listing made people pay more and more attention to smartphone , as competition opponents of heine , black cell phones are now being sold in more than 100 countries around the world .
according to statistics , in the first quarter of this year , there were 1.2 million new harry mobile phones , with total users reaching 960 .
spain : husband killed in face - to - face killing
xinhua news agency report of july 7 th from montreal attack by a spanish woman in a struggle , she pulled down a masse , discovered that the assailants were actually her husband , and the police had arrested him .
according to reports by local media on the 6th , the woman worked in a bakery in valencia .
a masked man was found to be a robber in a shop in a drawer and was told to leave the shop .
but the man did not take money , but he wanted to see this woman 's neck and wanted to kill her .
she wanted to use a dead body to carry out sunshine , but the man did not put on her , still kicked her and her neck .
during the struggle , the woman pulled down a thin face , but discovered that person was actually her husband .
the assailant was arrested by the police .
the victim told the media that because of her lack of affection , she and her husband were undergoing divorce procedures , and they had two children .
13 pilots resigned from the company of east china airlines , wuhan company claims more than 100 million yuan in compensation
wuhan , july 11 , xinhua ( reporters liu yang and shuchu )
thirteen pilots proposed resignation , and suzhi dongfang company , china eastern airlines , wuhan , ltd. , offered a huge compensation list of as high as 105 - million yuan . this is so far the biggest labor dispute over the amount of claims from hubei province .
the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration commission is now trying the case .
in may this year , 13 pilots of the donghua company , wuhan company , successively made resignation , and the company refused .
later , the pilot successively asked the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration commission in early june to request the ruling to terminate the labor dispute with the company .
after receiving a notice , the company of dongfang wuhan company filed a countercomplaint , asking 13 pilots to pay to him more than 6 million yuan in losses and to over 10 million yuan in losses , and sunshine , 60 million yuan , respectively , for the losses caused by his labor contract .
it is understood that the agreement signed by the pilot and eastern airlines on labor contracts without fixed time limit was a result of continued termination of conditions or removal of conditions in the labor contracts , and the effect of the labor contracts will continue to be the statutory retirement age for the pilots .
the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration committee will handle the case as an appeal and an anti - procedural case and is expected to end its trial by 8 august .
germany urges russia to pass ratt treaty
xinhua news agency , riga , july 12 ( reporter yang dehong ) visiting german foreign minister steinmeier called on the russian side to pass the larnch border treaty as soon as possible on the 12th .
on the same day , steinmeier held talks with foreign minister pachachachs , during which the two sides mainly discussed issues such as the rad relationship and cooperation with the eu , and exchanged views and views on the development of relations between the two countries , including the relations between the two countries .
at a press conference after the talks , steinmeier called on russia to pass the larnch - russia border treaty as soon as possible .
steinmeer said that the improvement of relations between china and the whole region and russia was relatively slow , and the signing of the larnu - russia border witnessed the course of development of relations between larry and russia , but shadow over history could also cause a retrogression in relations between larry and russia , hoping that russia could quickly develop relations through the larnu treaty to promote the development of bilateral relations .
on 27 march this year , after 10 years of negotiations , qatar , prime minister , karvydin and russian prime minister konov , signed a border treaty in moscow .
on 17 may , the laotian parliament adopted a treaty on the larnp - russian border .
according to reports on the heat media , the russian parliament will vote on the treaty in the near future .
dprk , rok to hold talks on nuclear issue
pyongyang , july 16 ( xinhua ) the united states and china have reached a consensus on the issue of the nuclear issue , a senior official of the united nations security council said here today
military representatives from the dprk and the rok held military talks on 16 august in panchu . the two sides agreed to hold the sixth round of talks on 24 - 26 .
according to reports from the central news agency , north korean military representative yang kun proposed in his contact that day that yongchu should be a permanent member of the korean central news agency , setting up a common rifle area between yinping island and bai ling island in the western north korean sea area , and elaborating in detail its reasons .
he said that the establishment of a common sunshine area must be implemented to the maximum extent in the principle of seeking common prosperity and common benefits , and ensuring peace and stability .
speaking of the question of the two sides ' reflexe on the sea , pak lin - su said : in order to prevent military conflicts between the two sides in the western region , the two sides should abandon the maritime boundary that they upheld so far , recognize and respect the maritime situation , acknowledge and respect the sunshine , and regard the relevant agreement between the dprk and the rok as the basis for consultation as the frigid treaty and the internationally recognized law of the dprk .
he said that it is the common aspiration of the dprk and armed forces to formulate military security measures in a timely manner to promote dprk - rok cooperation and exchange .
he said : the rok side should take military measures to ensure that the dprk 's non - governmental ships can directly go south from the harbor and travel freely to the cheju strait .
this is the second meeting of the dprk and rok military talks held recently after 10 this month .
the fifth dprk - rok talks on a heinous side of the dprk side from 8 to 11 may were held on a unified side of the dprk side .
hyundai denies intention to buy volvo
seoul , july 18 ( xinhua ) south korea 's hyundai motor company said in seoul on july 18 that it had no intention to purchase any brands under wolier or auto group .
the sunday times and the new york times recently reported that it might sell volvo .
the sunday times even said in its report that south korea 's hyundai motor company was a potential sunken partner .
a spokesman for the hyundai motor company said that we were not interested in buying wolhard rike or duohu , and that modern was busy implementing our own expansion plan , and was basically not busy with him .
hew 650 - million us dollars bought from swedish wolf in 1999 .
at present , wolf and lu shume , the chief automobile group , are subordinate to the ministry of communications ( sunken ) .
in march this year , sunken , sold to us $ 8.460 , sunken , sunken , and indicated that it was considering selling luhu and jie langjie last month .
( sports ) cuba 's boxing rope is too short
rio de janeiro , july 21 ( xinhua ) china 's economy has been growing rapidly in recent years , said li , head of the provincial department of the cpc central committee
on 21 february , the cuban delegation visited taiwan , and the rope of this pan - american sports meet was too short , and would affect the performance of fists .
according to the rules of the international fist federation , riveron on on the stage of international competitions should be 6.1 meters long , but according to the measurement of the cuban team coach pedro roke roke , the standard of rope skillfully used by this pan - american sports meet was more than one meter away .
rohke said : we submitted a formal protest because this incident did not affect a cuban country but involved all people .
if the rope is too short , it will affect the flashing moves of the fists and keep them in touch .
he also said that if you could not find a rope that meets the olympic standards in the region , you could find another place .
as we have learned earlier , we brought something to you from cuba .
the mexican and colombian delegations also expressed their dissatisfaction at the attack on the rope on taiwan that day .
colombian fist julio derbis won the first battle , but he said , " although i won the first game , i am too narrow to beat the taiwan , i really do n't feel bad , i am not too bad . "
the resumption of export orders for export with china
xinhua news agency , shanghai , july 24 ( reporters xu shousong and yu lihong ) - this reporter learned from guansheng ( group ) company ltd. that the dabriel dababriel sugar , a port in shanghai , has recently resumed export , and many overseas provinces have demanded orders from sunken .
kansheng garden in singapore , mr. lin qingrong , a young company of guansheng company , said recently that the guansheng garden group had sent a letter to the guansheng garden group that because the results of singapore 's agriculture , grain , and bureau were tested to contain formaldehyde , they could be sold in normal market and demanded order from the market .
kuansheng company of malaysia , said that it requested the guansheng garden to transport one large sunny dababbit from shanghai to malaysia immediately .
kuo sheng trading company limited also called kuangsheng trading company , ltd. in hong kong , saying that the hong kong food safety center had taken a sample of white diallo dabriel sugar from hong kong and had been confirmed to be formaldehyde .
the hsbc trading company has received notification from hong kong china sunny , and decided to resume sales of large white dabbit doughs in hong kong more than 100 days .
it was learned that 10 + tu dairy daby sugar , which was once used in shanghai , has gradually been exported .
at present , seven containers of dabriel daba , which is spreading to singapore , copying riveron , malaysia , india , india , nepal , and other countries .
( international ) criminal suspect arrested for manufacturing a british nuclear threat
london , july 26 ( xinhua ) british police announced on july 26 that it was suspected of manufacturing a bomb that threatened british uni suite to threaten to attack on july 23rd in krishna , a county in lankathy .
police said the man was named hejie meck , 51 , a unemployed person , and he would be accused of blackmail and manufacturing bombs .
on the afternoon of 14 july , british shiite pradesh was threatened by the police to shut down its 14 th shiite rebar because of the threat of bombs , and it was only resumed business on the next day .
he is a time when the british people are in the hardware procurement season , at that time the family of britain was shut down , the biggest loss of its income from marketing .
the british police later conducted a criminal investigation into the bomb threat and announced that no signs of terrorist activity had been found in the incident , but there might be some economic motives behind the incident .
( sports ) change the old days of the beijing olympics , + it 's + hard to play , + it +
beijing , july 28 ( xinhua ) china has become a country with a moist color in august , when the olympic games are being held in beijing next year , said cui junqiang , spokesman of the beijing municipal government .
by changing the time limit and other technological means , scientific researchers have found a good policy to increase the color of the olympics .
the sunsunshine olympic variety show in beijing on 28 june was held to test and test the application of the application research project , and the evaluation experts concluded that the new species of olympic games should be evaluated , and new technologies should be promoted to control control . varieties or varieties of natural expensive and different kinds of natural life can be introduced in the same period of the summer , and the best results achieved in the 2008 beijing olympics will be achieved in august .
in the summer of beijing , one can only see more than ten types of sunken , most of them are long dying , or are far from being released .
through their efforts , the scientific research personnel selected more than 400 kinds of sunni - type traditional variety from summer olympics .
at the opening ceremony of the olympic games , which was held in the haidian park in beijing , the exhibition will discuss the opening of the beijing olympics . a group of old , young , young , and young athletes who were meticulously cultivated by scientific research personnel in august cannot open flowers in nature in the past , will welcome them with their old cheese .
turkey 's ruling party wins parliamentary election
xinhua news agency , july 30 , zurich ( by wang jian ) the final result of the 23 rd parliamentary election announced by the supreme election commission on july 30 shows that the ruling justice and development party won 341 seats of the 550 seats of the ruling party , and once again obtained party power .
in the parliamentary election held on 22 july , the main opposition party , the republican party , won a seat .
the national action party won 71 seats in the election .
in addition to the three political parties mentioned above , 26 elected parliamentarians .
turkey 's new parliament will hold its first meeting in august .
all members will be sworn in and begin to perform their duties .
after that , the parliament will elect a new parliament speaker through a no - voting method .
the parliamentary election was originally scheduled for november , but in the april - end election , because the opposition party held a " parliamentary election " against the only candidate named masu khoo , deputy prime minister and foreign minister of the development party , which led to the failure of the presidential election , and the parliamentary election was held ahead of schedule .
