white house urges nuclear inspectors to monitor north korea 's nuclear reactor
the white house today called for the dispatch of nuclear inspectors to oversee north korea 's closing of its nuclear reactor , and the white house was speaking after us president bush and south korean president roh moo - hyun talked about the phone .
white house national security council spokesman cho cho - chol said : the two leaders discussed today the cooperation between the united states and south korea on north korea 's nuclear issue , and hoped that the iaea inspectors would return to north korea to monitor the cease - fire and the closing of the north korean nuclear reactor .
cho pointed out that the two presidents also expressed concern over the us - south korea free trade agreement signed yesterday , and will make efforts to ensure that the two parliaments approve this agreement .
experts believe that in the past 20 years , pyongyang has produced plutonium plutonium , which is sufficient to produce 12 nuclear weapons .
hill , special envoy of the us six - party talks , said last week that he expects that the npt would be closed in mid - july .
the rainstorm in western india killed 43 people
the rainstorm in western india on the weekend has caused serious flooding in some areas , and the western metropolitan route has been suspended .
the rescue officials said today that the death toll of 43 people has been caused .
from june to september every year , the haze brought by the breeze often led to the flood of the country with a population of 1.1 billion , causing casualties .
this fertile rains caused the death of half of the deceased and the other cases of drowning houses or rushing smiths .
india 's financial center was also blocked .
in the twentieth day alone , the masako , a chronic figure , was only a mere 43 .
chief executive of the republic of korea ( rok ) said monday that his company had lost 13 lives .
officials of the city government urged residents to go to the city before the rainstorm is slowing down , and not to go out to protect their own safety .
the rain started on monday , and most parts of the country were still flooded today .
nearly 500 people killed in indian floods
according to reports by officials and media , india 's national death toll caused by the haze of rainstorms has climbed to 4450 .
the indian news trust quoted the head of the government 's reconstruction office , kadan , as saying that the indian province has recently entered various places of mexico , with casualties and economic losses , and india 's largest city of horst , the largest city of india alone , has so far reported that the number of deaths has reached 300 .
the report said that qadan was a " spray " when he inspected the company and made the above remarks to the media .
he said : at the same time , india 's largest cotton production site , rashchwitt , is a vast ocean , with 27 tute cities and towns suffering serious water calamities , with more than 10,000 disaster victims suffering from security and receiving centers .
india 's entire territory is moving from south to north , one week ago , and all provincial residents started to enter the province , holding a long - draught and gigantic mood to meet with the rain , but they were unexpectedly violent , with rain becoming a disaster , highways , low - lying areas , and no traffic paralyzed . so far , the statistics show that about 500 people have died because of the accident .
the winston tennis george kovez left the final with the winner .
spanish red turkmenistan king juan genio martino , a top four men 's singer , won the first prize of being unable to fight again because of injury , the nagorno will pull out the finals and compete with the world champion of switzerland , ferrero de ville , france .
the result of the 16 th strong and eight - strong matches was all called on security guards to treat and back the injury . he beat the third set today , and he was called to guard against the backdrop of the bowls and then called on the guards to treat him . later he could not consciously embrace the wounds and fight again , and decided to abandon the game .
the fourth seed kovic retreat , which left the original three - six - six - six - seed naimone , which was the lead , to win .
besides the first time he started the competition , he was too slow in being hit by a bouncing case , and the second round of the battle between the two companies led one another .
satellite shows iran tapping tunnel might be a protective facility
the us think tank , science and international security institute , said today that commercial satellites show that iran is now building a mountainous tunnel near the uranium enrichment facilities of natanz , and it might be to protect its nuclear facilities when it encounters an air strike .
these brains are made up of the us genetics ( itar ) company on june 11 and announced the results of the " hong kong flower show " on the website of the institute of science and international security .
the research institute , located in washington , is a non - profit research group .
dai indicated that the fire was only discovered in the south of the ntanaz facility , and the construction was underway , and the facility was inside a uranium enrichment plant .
analysts , o ' blatter and bruce , pointed out in a report that the tunnel of the company was not clear , but it seemed that the road had been opened to a tunnel facility and another road might also go to the chains to pass the horse .
they said : a piece of machine tug that has been dug into the mountain will give a very good protection effect during the air raids .
un envoy holds talks on nuclear issue iran tough
the united nations ' international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) said here today that iran is trying to resolve the nuclear issue that has been caused by iran 's nuclear program .
however , iranian president ahmadinejad has been increasing pressure on the united nations for further sanctions , and he has still stubbornly resisted .
the iranian government has decided to stop uranium enrichment activities , but it welcomes the latest talks .
he said that the installation of prairie bbakers could slow down or accelerate , which is an issue of implementation , but no one should expect us to abandon our rights and we will not stop this direction .
he arrived in hainanana after arriving in hainoo'ning .
hanninning 's visit is aimed at formulating a package of plans to resolve the issue of the jewish issue triggered by iran 's nuclear programme .
un refuses to freeze uranium enrichment operations , imposing two sanctions on iran .
iran news agency reported that haienin and iran 's supreme national security council 's international security adviser wadi , held talks .
iran 's talks group also includes vice chairman of the iaea , mr sedi , and ambassador to the iaea , mr solana .
israeli prime minister yasir arafat to form new government
the palestinian authorities have decided to reactivate the gaza strip for a month after the death of the palestinian leader , fayel fattard , who was immediately instructed to take charge of the new government .
the chinese government will continue to work with the united states to promote the development of the country 's economy , agriculture and social affairs , the minister said , adding that the new government will be responsible for handling the day - to - day cabinet .
abbas told afp that france 's proposal of resignation was a " threat " to the current post , and that abbas ordered him to execute his current duties until his new government .
the respected economist , fayard , has made a resignation , but only procedural resignation does not shake his prime minister status .
france and germany started to lead palestine 's emergency cabinet on 17 july to execute the violent acts of abbas announced after the violence in gaghaza .
according to the basic law of the palestinian autonomous government , no more than 30 days after the agreement of the palestinian national assembly , the current self - government council is paralyzed .
the emergency government 's authorization has expired today .
wto delegates to break the doha round of talks
the world trade organization ( wto ) 's main negotiators today proposed a big reduction in us subsidies to agriculture , and the large reduction in tariffs on industrial products by developing countries to break the impasse in the doha round of trade talks .
the new version of the draft will require the united states to increase its agricultural subsidies from the current level of $ 1-200 - million to the current level , and the developing countries will reduce their import tariffs on industrial products to below .
these proposals aim to break the deadlock in the doha round of talks over the past six years and to bring about a compromise agreement among wto members .
the wto secretary general said these proposals were " a balance of goals and a development - oriented equilibrium " .
lamy said : the parties concerned will not be satisfied with the contents of the proposal , but the current problems caused by the proposal are less than the issues of reaching consensus .
he called for intensive negotiations in the coming weeks .
the earthquake has affected the production of a japanese automobile factory or the production of a jewish automobile factory .
the earthquake in japan this week caused a shortage of cars and a shortage of cars and a daily production of automobiles , said today that they would even halt domestic automobile production .
japan 's catastrophic rock 6.8 magnitude , automobile manufacturers ' halfway , therefore forced the operation of the tokyo 6th industrial area , which affected the production of the truck factory .
the world 's best auto manufacturer , a spokeswoman , said that between tonight and 21 , domestic automobile production will be suspended .
" the japanese government will continue to make efforts to improve the quality of the products , " said a japanese spokesman .
he said that the two factories had two pieces of jewelry , which would affect the company 's production , but the company might increase its rotational next month to make up for the backward production progress .
suzuki motor said that the production of some products will be suspended for three days starting tomorrow , and the japanese fuji company , which produces such jeopardiu cars , will also suspend production tomorrow and will also suspend production of small cars and evaluate the situation on the 21st .
toyota said that some of the yangon products might be suspended next week .
the earthquake caused the deaths of at least 10 people , injury to the family , and hundreds of houses were forced to stop .
indonesia cancels order of british jewelry
according to a press release from the hong kong stock exchange earlier this month , indonesia has cancelled the sale of british green bags .
the bus stop on the brahn of jade in the indonesian plaza of the high - consumer district , said that in view of the incident in hong kong , we have cancelled the environmental bags .
if the public were to make a lump sum ( about nt $ 40,000 ) , then it would not have the price of that kind .
hong kong people gathered outside the sales shop on the 6 th to prepare to buy a large - scale product of the british yaaiaker , which is not the name of the " suite " , which is not the " green bag " of the bags , but the store refused to sow the horse .
this new type of quality , which is based on environmental protection , is trying to replace the bags , which is unexpectedly a pop in london and new york on the eve of the day , triggering the snatch and auction of the web site ebay has reached several times the price of the auction .
the only one of indonesia 's emissary , which was sold by the right - to - power vendor , said that he did not confirm whether to sell it a few days later .
the korean government has decided to hold direct talks with the chinese side on the issue of hostage crisis
afghan hostage kidnapping 23 south korean hostages , and set a deadline for today 's 23 rd suicide request for south korea to withdraw its troops , or else they will kill the hostages .
with the passing of 1 minute and second , the situation has developed positive , and south korean officials held talks with spur for the first time today .
however , at the same time , the organization said that another german hostage kidnapped was very weak and started to fall into a state of vagueness and lose consciousness .
" we are very concerned about the situation , " said schroeder , who is also a member of the security council of the united states .
" the us is not going to make a decision on the phone to send a message to the south korean delegates , " said amadi , spokesman for the afp .
amadi said he hoped that the talks would produce results .
the hong kong time ( taiwan time ) will be set at 10.30 pm ( taiwan time ) , and the date will begin to kill the south korean hostage .
the duration of the exhibition has been extended twice .
maritime disputes difficult to reach consensus the two koreas ' military talks dispersed
as the various maritime territories have each interpreted the term , the three - day high - level military talks between the two koreas are unhappy today .
at the meeting held in panmunjom , a border city , the dprk 's chief representative kim jung - chol said that he would make a conclusion that we would no longer need the outcome of the talks , which would not have been achieved .
the price of the face was clearly red and the golden face was clearly unhappy , attacking south korea , deliberately replacing the original northern expedition line .
he pointed out that the beijiao curtain was not legal .
the beijiao [ name as transliterated ] bose - shaped bow , which has become the most important issue in the korean - korean dispute since the end of the 1953 korean war , has even refused to admit it .
north korea said it had invaded the waters and caused tension , and south korea claimed that the allegation was not based on the evidence .
the clashes in the local waters in june 1999 led to the deaths of dozens of north korean sailors .
in june 2002 , a similar clash again occurred , causing the death of six south korean .
us treasury secretary 's visit to china to protect environment and exchange rates is a priority
us treasury secretary colin powell arrived in china yesterday , and the united states is making every effort to persuade china to further carry out necessary economic reform and environmental protection work , especially the issue of the rmb exchange rate , which has attracted much attention .
us diplomats said that powell first went to the great qinghai province in northwest china .
china has now established a new type of water control system near the largest salt lake in the city .
bob bolton today is heading for beijing to discuss with chinese officials on promoting the sino - us strategic economic dialogue , and other issues .
the us - china strategic economic dialogue mainly discussed economic issues such as economic environment , and the most important issue is the exchange rate issue . us congressmen believe that the rmb has been overvalued .
the us - china trade deficit is rapidly expanding , and the pressure within the united states is gradually increasing , and congressmen are preparing to take retaliatory action to confront their so - called china unfairness trade policy .
last week , the us senate finance committee passed a bill overwhelming , urging the treasury to recognize the currency exchange rate simply by misjudging the name list of countries which had once again misjudged the economy of beijing .
us congressman said that the underestimation of the rmb has intensified the us - china trade imbalance , and the us trade deficit with china last year reached $ 2.5 billion .
mary ruth claimed that he was completely out of the arena before 60 .
from xiju 's beginning , mollilo has always been the media 's topic in the future , but it is just the same as in the past , and the portuguese once again stressed that he will stay in london this summer .
some newspapers listed 14 pieces of new marshal named xisi , but i will stay in xijujuan , mousaiju .
muslim reiterated that he hoped that a day would be able to pick up the head of the portuguese team , and that i really wanted to teach , and i believe that the portuguese football association would very much hope to hire me as the head of the team .
however , the 44 - year - old mueller did not intend to contribute all his life to soccer , and he said he would retire before 60 , and he did not want to be like bobby , roston and virginson to be the oldest one in the world .
i have already made a promise to my wife , i will not have to talk about the future of my life as robert and fringen , as i did with my wife .
muslim ali naio , 60 , was thinking about the soccer circle .
i have too many things that i cannot do now , waiting for me to do them .
i do n't want to become a soccer consultant or technology director , such as bardano or saaki .
i do n't want to play such a role .
i do n't want to become the chairman of a club , i only want to completely jujujujujujujujujuo , who stresses that
( qi liang )
cao shengming , wang bing , from hongdong village , shanxi province , was tried ( photo )
chinanews . com , july 1 - with the concern of the public , the first trial of the linfen city intermediate court in linfen city this morning heard a hearing on the case of cao shengyou village wang bing , wang bing , and si ji , of guangshengdong town in hongdong county , shanxi province .
many domestic media are paying attention to the progress of this case .
the local authorities concerned were more cautious and some reporters were unable to attend the site to cover the news .
currently , ju is still in progress .
according to the investigation of the linfen city intermediate court , a staff member of the linfen city intermediate court disclosed that if the case was smoothly concluded , it would be estimated that the day the trial would be concluded .
but can ju ju still pronounced a verdict ?
at about 9 am , a reporter noticed that a person from the front gate of the linfen city intermediate court was very calm and the road was drifting .
perhaps the court 's ongoing activities have been known as " the glimpse " .
when you arrived , there was a result , and i believe that the law is just .
a person who traveled here looked like a national emblem , saying himself .
prior to this , hong dong county had news that wang bing , father of the defendant , wang bing , was already dismissed from the post of deputy to the county people 's congress according to law .
earlier , wang dongremember that wang bing 's name was found in the case of wang bing bing 's lianhe [ name as transliterated ] , and he was dismissed from the post of secretary of the village party branch and expelled from the party .
the " red army " anti - smuggling operation of shanxi , which was triggered by the wang bing - soldier case , attracted attention at home and abroad for a while . the central authorities ' instructions and requirements were strictly investigated .
the dprk and the rok have reached an agreement on cooperation in the development of light industry and underground resources
chinanews . com , july 8 .
on 7 april , the dprk and the rok held a meeting on cooperation in the development of light industry and underground resources .
under the agreement , the rok will provide dprk with clothing and other light industrial products with raw materials for production , and the dprk will grant the domestic cereal extraction right to south korea .
according to a report by the japan export and import association , the rok and the dprk conducted a joint research and development of light industry and underground resources in kaesong for three days , and finally reached an agreement .
under the agreement , south korea will provide north korea with clothing and soap , with a total value of 90.6 yen .
in this regard , the dprk will divide the three domestic prairie rights to south korea .
the rok government will start a two - day visit to north korea from renchuan port in the western region on 25 july . the first batch of 500 tonnes of contractual materials will be delivered to north korea .
according to the plan , the rok and the dprk have jointly conducted an investigation on the east of the dprk since 28 july .
the korean government started to start to provide the dprk with a aid program of 400,000 tons of rice .
while the dprk expressed willingness to actively carry out the agreement reached by the six countries , including the closing of nuclear facilities , economic cooperation between the dprk and the rok has become more active again .
the lanzhou commodity bureau explained the limit price of the meat , and only because the price increase was too high .
chinanews . com , lanzhou , july 10 ( huang party )
this afternoon , the lanzhou city bureau of commodity prices invited relevant departments to hold a discussion on the issue of the price limitation of the meat .
at the press conference , the state council announced that the bureau of commodity prices and other departments jointly issued a set of price restrictions , mainly because the price of meat is too large , which is beyond the tolerance of the general residents .
it is learned that this latest increase in the meat price has reached 20 % , and data statistics show that this is the first time that the price of the meat has risen since the early 1980 s , the shortest and the largest increase since the first increase in the price of the meat .
" the government 's actions are to consider the economic capability of the local ordinary residents , and the maximum price for taiwan is to be investigated by the cost , " said the director of the lanzhou city bureau of commodity prices .
on 26 april , the bureau of commodity prices in lanzhou city jointly conducted a joint investigation of the meat price by four departments , including the bureau of commodity administration and industry bureau of health , and so on , which was the highest price for meat products . the news was revealed and aroused strong attention .
it is understood that the forum was aimed at extensively soliciting opinions from all circles and soliciting opinions and suggestions on specific management methods for the next step . according to another source , lanzhou will hold a news briefing tomorrow .
this will be the first time in lanzhou city on the issue of price increase in the meat .
sun yat - sen , head of the chinese delegation to the china association for promoting regional development : stop activities for three months
chinanews . com , july 11 - according to information from the website , on july 9 , the china development promotion association ( cstpc ) issued administrative penalty for stopping activities for three months .
the punishment has shown that the china association for promoting regional development has the following illegal acts : collecting sue , duan , and levying other fees from non - member units .
after investigation , the standard of membership of the organization is as high as 21,000 yuan a year , from june 2007 to february 2007 , the company has issued a total of 20 units , and one of its members has collected 21,000 yuan from the other , and each of the other has collected funds from the capital , and this has raised the amount of 800,000 yuan to the management fees collected by the agencies of the organization of credit , and so on , which has seriously violated relevant regulations .
according to the " regulations on registration and management of social groups , " paragraph 1 , section ( 8 ) of the " regulations on registration and management of social groups , " the society shall impose administrative penalty for three months , and seal the relevant articles of the society according to law .
the rok government hopes to speed up the process of denuclearizing the peninsula through the six - party talks .
chinanews . com , july 12 - according to a report by the rok news service , the rok government is very happy to see the meeting of the heads of the six - party talks to be held in beijing on 18 july .
a spokesman for the rok foreign and trade ministry said on 12 june that he hoped that the meeting of the heads of the six - party talks would be able to discuss measures to end the initial stage and to implement the next phase of the talks as soon as possible , and to make concrete and substantive plans for the six - party talks , thus speeding up the process of denuclearization on the korean peninsula .
the commentary also said : as the core of the dprk nuclear issue , the chinese government will make unremitting efforts to achieve the goal of a nuclear - free korean peninsula in a rapid and satisfactory manner , and will closely cooperate with the relevant countries in this regard .
officials revealed that the beijing olympics is expected to create the greatest number of participating countries and regions .
chinanews . com , july 16 .
xinhua news agency , international department of the beijing organizing committee for the olympic games wang shilin disclosed on 14 june that the beijing organizing committee for the olympic games will send out a circular to the 205 members of the international olympic committee next month to attend the olympics .
he said that if there is no accident , the beijing olympics will become the most important olympic games in the past of participating countries and regions .
the report said that wang shilin , on behalf of the beijing organizing committee for the olympic games , briefed the meeting on the preparations for the beijing olympics , including the transportation arrangements for the games , including the construction of jeju road transportation , etc .
wang shilin said : the pan - american sports organizations ' member countries and regions all showed great enthusiasm for participating in the beijing olympics . all 42 members have confirmed that they will attend the next olympic games in beijing next month .
it has been learned that at the meeting , the ioc will officially invite the ioc to join hands with the beijing olympic organizing committee to participate in the olympic games .
( gao peng , yang limin )
wang yan 's condition improved " and insisted on " sitting on a stool stool and muslims ' recovery of the ' two levels '
wang yan has been able to sit on the stove , but the time is still not very long , and she felt dizzy , yesterday , wu xilqin , director of the zhejiang sports bureau , told the reporter .
the injured wang yan in the competition had been on the upturn , and the injury of the upper limb 's muscle returned to the previous 10 days , and the elevation of the diocese class two .
this month , wang yan learned from the sixth shanghai academy of health ( severe acute respiratory syndrome ) that she had a right - hand muscle at 2 to 3 levels and left - upper muscle was 1 class .
in the past half a month , wang yan 's upper limb muscle has already made a further turn for the better .
dr sun said wang yan 's muscle had reached the level of 4 , which was a grade 1 , a half - grade , and the leftist muscle was also above the level 3 , which was more than the normal level .
in other words , in less than half a month , wang yan 's upper limb muscle resumed the two bronze levels .
hello , wang yan , who was able to get a bed with the help of a doctor , had a five - minute stay .
hospital rehabilitation experts originally planned to let wang yan be released on the bail at the end of last week .
however , according to wang yan 's recovery at the current stage , the rehabilitation training had to be postponed temporarily .
wu xianqin said : wang yan 's current training is mainly to sit on the stove and to persist in sitting on the stove , but he still could not take a long time to do so .
venezuelan president calls for substantial reduction of wages for senior government
chinanews . com , july 23 - according to a comprehensive report , venezuelan president juan carlos made a speech on the domestic and foreign policies of venezuela on july 22 .
he said that a substantial reduction in the wages of senior civil servants was made .
he also said that if foreigners come to venezuela attack the venezuelan government , they will face serious consequences and be expelled .
the government has ordered government officials to monitor the remarks made by foreigners during their visit to venezuela and found that any person who openly criticized him or the government of the commission must expel him .
on the evening of 22 march , he said on television that venezuela cannot tolerate foreigners to come to their homes to make fingers .
in his speech , he also pointed out that the substantial reduction in the wages of senior civil servants would be made .
he said that the wages of venezuelan civil servants are not higher than the monthly wages .
it is learned that in venezuela , the monthly income of some poor people is us dollars .
in latin america , the action to cut wages for public functionaries has become a common practice and has won the support of the broad masses .
the leaders of peru and xiangtan countries have all reduced their pay .
he also said that cuban leader castro reminded him of his attention to the us command .
he said that castro gave him a us central committee director - general , a memoir , and asked him to see the various kinds of secret envoys from the cia .
the hearing of the first spying machine concluded yesterday , and the trial ended the maiju trial .
last night beijing time , the international federation of automobile groups ( fijian ) held a special hearing on the ferrari technology espionage case in paris , and the summoned roe , which was summoned , was arrested . the council decided not to impose a penalty on mai kai for the time being .
the official website of the international federation of automobile manufacturers issued a statement after the hearing , saying that fervor , maikeld , a secret information about ferrari , has not been available at present , but there is no evidence showing that these materials are being used in the international federation of automobile manufacturers fellows , so they will not be punished .
however , the ferrari technology espionage case has not drawn up a signature .
the commissioner for motor vehicle movement also said in the decision that if a dragonair of the relevant materials in frankfurt is used for the championship , we will reserve to demand that maikellett return the right to hear the certificate of the motor sports council , and that they might face the punishment of the qualification of the 2007 , even the 2008 summer games , which was cancelled .
the mai kai wheelchair , which has been suspended , was found to have held nearly 800 pages of french - lari technical documents , including the french - lari 2007 design , which is the main engine of the french - lari 2007 , and the operation of the series .
maikai , who was suspended from work , did not know any other person . mai kai , who was in the race , did not have any french name .
( wang yuyuan )
experts believe that the short term of insurance fence will not divert domestic stock market funds
chinanews . com , july 30 .
according to a report by china securities news , the " interim procedures on managing the overseas investment of insurance funds " was recently promulgated , and insurance funds have even broader space for use in the capital market .
the chief investment officer of china 's ju pao company , liu lefei , believes that the appreciation of the rmb and the domestic capital market will be good , and the insurance organs will soon be through overseas investment through the purchase of foreign exchange , which also means that insurance industry will appreciate and will not divert domestic stock market funds in the short term .
according to reports , many insurance institutions hold the same view .
experts said that since there is no rmb panels market , insurance agencies are not capable of avoiding risks , so the time for large - scale foreign exchange purchases is not yet ripe .
liu lefei said : for a long time , in terms of asset allocation , overseas investment should have a certain proportion in the overall allocation of insurance companies .
however , in view of the greater pressure on renminbi appreciation , china will mainly make use of its own foreign exchange funds to make overseas investment .
as for foreign exchange purchases and foreign exchange investments , under the current circumstances , we should be cautious in dealing with them .
( shangxia )
china 's direct losses of 525 - billion yuan in flood prevention and drought control
this reporter learned from the general headquarters for flood prevention and drought control that as of july , the national flood prevention and drought control headquarters had 181 million mu , of which 54.14 million mu were natural disasters and 1.19 million people were affected . the number of people killed 652 mu , and the direct economic losses of 45.2 billion yuan were caused by the disaster .
the country 's arable land was 1.40 billion mu , and the birth of the great drought caused by the great drought .
in july , the state flood prevention and drought control headquarters , in light of the current grim situation in flood prevention and drought control , made an urgent arrangement .
and urged all provinces along the huai he and the headquarters for flood prevention to strengthen the prevention of water and seize the overall victory in flood prevention .
the state general headquarters for flood prevention and drought control and other agriculture departments have sent three working groups to guide flood prevention and drought control work in flood prevention and drought control zones .
at present , flood prevention work is being carried out in an intense and orderly manner , and hongxinhe is also being put into operation . the lianhe , henan province , anhui province , jiangsu province , and sanqu province of jiangsu province , are currently on trial .
the reason why the dry spell is not so big is that it is not so big .
in accordance with the plan , heilongjiang province and jiangxi province launched an emergency response to the fight against drought , and the drought - fighting work is being carried out in an intense and orderly manner .
the chinese government will continue to support the development of the country 's economy , said a senior official here thursday .
chen shui - bian has secretly criticized the judicial involvement in the election of taiwan 's " judicial yuan " and denied and wanted to explain this .
chinanews . com , july 30 - chen shui - bian questioned the attempt of taiwan judicial personnel to get involved in the election of taiwan 's regional leader .
taiwan 's legislative yuan executive yuan chief gao jin said on the same day that the current performance of the judges on the island is inconsistent with what chen shui - bian said and asked chen shui - bian to explain his statement .
according to a report by taiwan 's " hsien shui - bian , " on 30 june , chen shui - bian questioned the involvement of judge or investigators , due to political factors or election considerations , and even tried to influence the election activities of candidates from various parties . he said that he hoped that this phenomenon would not exist in taiwan , but it might be very difficult .
in response to chen shui - bian 's question , princess yue sheng , who is the president of taiwan judicial yuan , did not respond to the remarks made by secretary general fan guangqun , ginzhi , and his party .
kao ch'i - chi said : the fundamental law and the code of honors on the judges should be made beyond the parties , and no party activities should be allowed to be elected , and the judge carefully observed the relevant restrictions , and the court judge believed that all the judges of the court of justice had done a very good job .
gao jinzhi pointed out that the supreme court judge zhang shengxi had attended the candao school course a few years ago , because the relevant curriculum had a political party character , he decided to punish the commission of self - discipline , which was formed by judges .
zhang shengxi once wanted to join the dpp , and because of his election controversy , he finally decided to abandon it .
gao jinzhi believed that if the trial of a case is a case of case , the court may not simply decide whether to win the trial according to the result . so , the judge will not have any political intention .
germany to lower import threshold for professional personnel
the reporters learned from berlin , july 1 , 2007 ( staff reporter wang huaicheng )
german education and scientific research minister shavan said a few days ago that germany should reduce the number of foreign professionals in the " jewish law " and increase the number of foreign professionals to solve the problem of professional personnel employment facing germany .
according to the oecd report , germany , 15 to 64 years old , will gradually reduce the number of laborers .
if there is no sufficient immigrants , the labor force in germany will be a 6 percent reduction compared to the current level .
however , the german employers union and the german engineer association have reported that in germany 's current labor market , engineers are more professional personnel .
according to statistics from the federal labor bureau , in may this year , germany 's labor market engineer supply was about 270,000 , with a total of 27,600 workers and a supply of technicians .
germany has a great potential for introducing foreign talents to protect its own people 's employment .
germany 's " zhuoga " stipulates that non - eu professionals are not allowed to be admitted to germany at a rate lower than 85,000 euros , otherwise they cannot obtain permission to work and residence in germany .
sha wanwan suggested that this limit be lowered to the original limit .
do not superstitiously superstitiously superstitiously superstitiously superstitiously propagate theory of law
the " draft law on lawyers , " which was recently submitted to the npc standing committee for examination , stipulates that those who have engaged in professional work such as legal research , such as teaching , and who have the same professional level as a senior professional , who apply for law enforcement , may be allowed to practise by lawyers after examination by the judicial administrative departments of the state council .
( june 28 , china daily )
there are laws that govern theoretical circles and the current situation in which theory is applied , and the former mainly includes legal teaching and research work , and the latter is engaged in legal consultations and legal services such as legal counseling , legal service , etc.
for a long time , the theory of law and the current practice of law have been very lucrative , and the theory of socialism has been held that the necessary termination of the current legal system is merely the mechanized encephalopathy , and the theoretical circle of affairs is the most critical piece of theory that guides the practice of instead of giving guidance .
with regard to such division of labor , what the law can do is to maintain , not to support , one side .
however , the court of law of lawyers , which is an objective law , has objectively recognized the fact that laws are higher than legal ones .
in fact , some international law firms , such as the international law of legal system , and some experts and scholars engaged in teaching , have also come to know the law again .
in this way , hubbub has undoubtedly become the disorder of legal status , which has an extremely bad effect on the legal profession .
the practice of superstition in theoretical circles is not only the case but also the fact that experts and experts ' proof will often affect or even negate court judgments , and this is also the direct expression of this kind of superstition .
encourage chinese - funded ships to hoist
staff reporter feng lei
from the briefing held by the state council , it was learned that beginning 1 july this year , china will implement the special registration policy for international shipping ships , encouraging china - funded ships that have hoisted flags to return to china , and obtaining the prc 's ju kuo and hanging them .
to further promote the healthy development of china 's maritime transportation industry and to strengthen the country 's shipping industry , the state wheels have made a great effort to deal with the problems caused by the fact that a considerable number of ships in china have registered and hanged overseas flags . the ministry of communications recently issued a " notice on the implementation of the registration policy on china - funded shipping ships , " which clarifies the conditions and procedures for the special case 's application for shipping registration , and the requirements for
the application for a ship can choose shanghai xiushi as a ship to go through the registration procedure for the vessel .
britain 's move to reduce terrorist attacks
xinhua news agency , london , july 5 th , by reporter lin guo
the british government has raised the threat to the country from the highest level to the level of serious damage , indicating that the terrorist attacks in britain will not happen soon , but the attacks may still be a threat .
at present , the british police have transferred the investigation scope to india and australia .
the eight terrorist suspects arrested were all detained in the medical system and the government would take a thorough investigation into the background of foreign immigrants who have entered the medical system .
it has been learned that nearly 1,000 workers of the british public medical system have received medical treatment overseas .
prime minister baton also called for investigation of the background of high - tech migration , and employers or relevant organizations will be required to provide background information .
do n't let the retailers go untold .
the chart is a " jujuggling " that gives me the greatest pleasure of natural horse and social civilization .
however , many people are in the same state of trouble when they travel in china .
both cars and trains , the boss , will always encounter small traders and some unqualified intermediary , and will be crushed .
it is not a brand name for selling color spray cakes , that is , selling newspapers and periodicals , that are no proof , introducing meals , even fake appetite , etc.
if you do not accept it , he can chase you for several hundred meters , and it is very unsuccessful to become a disgrace .
in some cases , many of them have the same feelings .
if we do not enter the door , people come to hong kong to travel and bring gifts to them .
after entering the door , this situation has become more , and good yaxing has been blufffed and untouched .
a media report has reported that many foreign tourists who come to xi'an are not at all praising the monument , but they are very unhappy about the fact that many small businessman - made peddlers are allowed to sell it all over again .
these include the construction of the bar , which is a brand of origin and a place of origin , which should be in order , calm and harmonious , and give a peaceful and peaceful environment .
the free lobbying of the traders has confused people 's minds , and objectively they have ruined these public order , thus forming a situation of pollution and environmental pollution . at the same time , they have provided conditions and opportunities for the production of cereal products .
what is important is that these pieces of jeep are the window for building spiritual civilization in hong kong , and they are not just an image issue , but will also have an impact on local economic development .
just think , if you want to make the tourism industry strong , you will use this kind of chaotic and pile tourism environment to meet the guests coming from the south and to the north , who will be willing to come , who will dare to come ?
how can your tourism economy yield results ?
with the arrival of the peak tourist season , it will create a civilized tourism environment for tourists from the south and the north . it should be said that the most urgent task is to create a civilized tourist environment .
maybe , the operation of small businessman pedddler 's hawkers should be standardized , and unauthorised business must be resolutely cancelled , and illegal activities should be resolutely dealt blows at them .
a civilized and orderly environment can only let the glory come and be brought into full play , and huaxing is reemerging .
in a word , let the retailers come with impulsive things .
the award of the award of the award of taking the initiative to quit the insurance industry
the city of beijing has issued electric appliances and other products as a means to repay 12 households that voluntarily surrender their insurance .
( " xin jing bao " , july 10 )
this writer felt happy for the improvement of the family life , but he took the initiative to reprieve , and also gave the award , but his mood was complex .
vice chairman of the road construction office said that in view of the problem of luring incense and protection , encouraging the initiative to retire is an exemplary figure for other low - income households .
this example , if it is to encourage other low - income insurance personnel to extricate themselves from their difficulties through their own efforts , then it is indeed worth advocating , and if these people who want to swindle those who have long been insured of minimum protection , they will not be able to be some naive .
in the course of distinguishing and eliminating low - income households , what we rely more on is the law .
the departments concerned should strengthen the protection of the minimum insurance cover for households that need to perform their duties in the course of enjoying the minimum allowable insurance , such as promptly reporting on changes in family personnel and income , reporting on employment situation , and accepting periodic reexamination , while the relevant departments should intensify supervision and inspection .
after all , the long - term strategy of relying on laws to pull out of poverty is the long - term plan .
the street will give a reward to families who have been retained for their contributions .
neighborhoods , as a first - class government organization , are to be allocated by the financial authorities to undertake their expenses .
and the money of a family member should not be flower ?
on the one hand , the withdrawal of the low - income families has proved that they have the ability to make themselves capable of self - sufficient and , on the other hand , are the personnel applying for minimum - protection still in existence ?
the government finance fund , which is called the money for the rescue , should be provided in the snow , not to add flowers to the brocade .
liu gangyi was willing to serve as a service provider .
on 10 july , the first city public promotion named sun du district in the whole country directly selected liu gangyi , the first city in mutuan district , to accept democratic manual service for the fourth time since taking office , and the rate of satisfaction was 97,000 .
during a dialogue with liu gangyi , liu gangyi defined himself as a service provider .
( yesterday 's " xin jing bao " )
liu gangyi 's family member might be more capable of making cadres than some of the appointed members of the group , who had made the cadres more true .
the proportion of direct election of candidates is the greatest difference between the appointment and appointment of ordinary party members , which is mainly the power source of the party , the appointment of the superior organization , and the direction of the source of power , and the former must be the first to be responsible to the people .
the source of power and the responsibility for whom are the fundamental factors that determine how the elected person will carry out his work .
some people doubt that such a democratic process is like a democratic show .
my view is that with such a kind of democratic appetite , it is better to do so .
in view of the history and current situation of the building of democracy at the grass - roots level in china , i believe that public opinion poll is already a major breakthrough , and democracy is an important component part of this family 's work , and we should not underestimate the promotion of democratic political construction at the grass - roots level .
india hopes to elect first female presidential analyst to be elected , and the female voters hope to raise their status as women .
on 23 june , accompanied by the presidential candidate document , papua horn won the title .
indian presidential election began on 19 june , and the new president will hold a summit meeting with the new president , shevardat , who is currently vice president jaswant singh and state governor jorge papua , not long ago .
paragu is the first female presidential candidate in indian history . if she is elected , she will become india 's first female president .
paraguay is the presidential candidate of the ruling party , while shevardat comes from the opposition people 's party .
since the congress party has advantages in the presidential election group , the media and the public have come to a greater extent to papua win .
the 72 - year - old pagoda bacharbb is the female governor of rajasthan .
she huagiang , a lawyer , has rich experience in the parliament , and she was warmly welcomed by the government while serving as governor of rajasthan bar .
she also worked for social welfare , and she is a member of many cultural education and social welfare organizations .
analysts pointed out that the reason why pagoda became a candidate was because she always wanted to go to india 's national congress party chairman sonia gandhi .
in india , the kansas clan has long been controlled by the ruling national congress party .
paraguay was warmly applauded by a large number of female voters , and the voters believed that papua would discriminate against the image of indian women who had a serious sense of discrimination , and enhance the status of women .
the constitution stipulates that india is a federal state , and the president of the state in the name of the head of state and the head of state does not represent any party organization , and more of them is a kind of symbol .
( yan ying - chu )
the united states supports the palestinian government 's expulsion of extremists
the washington post of the staff reporter , july 22 nd , by reporter qisheng xu
us president bush said on 21 march that the united states will fully support the pakistani government 's efforts to send the pakistan - pakistan base and extremists to the region of afghanistan .
bush said in his weekly radio address that according to the new us intelligence , the al-qaeda in pakistan and afghanistan found a hiding security guard in the region .
he expressed concern about this and expressed concern about it .
bush said that the united states will continue to support president musharraf and believe that he will persist in waging struggle with armed forces of the al-qaeda and the al-qaeda .
the " national intelligence assessment " report recently published by the united states points out that the muslim armed organization is especially a gene named by the colonel general julio , who has still posed a threat to the united states .
musharraf held talks with some tribal leaders in the northern palestinian region in september last year on guarding against evil forces and activities of the first member of the organization of family of the organization of family members of the organization of family members of the organization of family planning and family planning services .
the first step of these tribes is not willing or have no ability to do so to safeguard the security of the region .
bush 's speech on early admission said that musharraf is taking positive steps to correct this mistake .
the united states hopes that the dprk nuclear issue agreement will be comprehensively implemented .
the report of the staff headquarters of the pla daily , july 24 th , washington ( by staff reporter xu qisheng )
us assistant secretary of state john prescott on 23 march said that the dprk nuclear issue was a major one , and the first meeting was a real success .
the united states very much hopes that the " 9.19 joint statement " and " the joint document on the resolution of the dprk nuclear issue " will be comprehensively implemented .
at a press conference on the same day , grehr said that in order to achieve the goal of completely resolving the dprk nuclear issue , it is necessary for the dprk to declare all its nuclear program before the end of this year and to realize the function of nuclear facilities .
he hoped that all parties concerned will comprehensively fulfill the six - party talks ' consensus reached in a year 's time .
hill also said that the two sides will continue to hold talks on security and energy issues , and the working group of the united states , the dprk , and japan will discuss issues that need to be resolved in bilateral relations between the united states and the dprk .
climate change leads to rapid reduction of the arbus glaciers
the reporter learned from the geneva - based staff department 's july geneva - based staff reporter liu jun .
swiss academy of sciences ice - melting experts have long tracked the research and discovered that the tip - off of the glaciers in 1850 to switzerland is now at an average annual rate of 3-3 percent .
the horror alone has caused the melting of the glaciers of alps , which is 1.8 % .
experts believe that by the year 2010000 , the global temperature will be reduced by 3 percent , and the glaciers will be reduced by 5 percent , while the glaciers will be completely disintegrated .
arache glaciers is the longest iceberg in europe and is listed as a world heritage list of the united nations organization for natural heritage , but it has reduced 100 meters in 2001 , and has already reduced its protection to the production of epicenter .
the picture is a complete set of arache glaciers , which is 23 km long .
photo by liu jun
the beijing olympic games ' association called for civilized consumers
beijing , july 30 ( wen wei po )
reporter liang jie learned from the chinese consumer association that at the opening of the 29 th olympic games on 8 august , the first anniversary of the collapse of the olympic games will soon be held . the consumer rights protection committee of consumers of shanghai municipality , the consumer council of consumers of shanghai , the association of horst , the federation of consumers , and the consumer council of hong kong , in the name of the consumer protection organization of the six cities , issued a proposal to consumers that we demonstrate the world 's
the proposal proposes that , from our perspective , we should strengthen our awareness of humanity olympics , study knowledge about the olympic games , enhance civilization , practice civilized standards , and observe social ethics , and make sure that a civilized consumer is abiding by society .
we should strengthen our awareness of the green olympics , protect the ecological environment , cherish them , and actively promote sustainable consumption , and become consumers who advocate green consumption .
establish a sense of being diligent and frugal , change the concept of consumption , make blind comparisons , oppose extravagance and waste , and be a rational consumer with a scientific concept of consumption ;
we should enhance the awareness of protecting consumption rights , take the initiative in social supervision , conscientiously respect intellectual property rights , correctly understand rights and obligations , and act as a reasonable consumer who act according to law .
promoting spirit and active participation , propagating the olympic concept , and making a olympic spirit transmitter .
the " hong kong paradise " of the world police force celebrates the reunification of 10 years
on 1 july , the " zhibao " alarm again sounded in nanjing 's jinghai temple , which was dubbed as a " spray " .
this thick and heavy historical return has passed the television station 's " hong kong - nanjing residents " and hong kong compatriots , through the television station , celebrated the 10 th anniversary of hong kong 's return to the motherland .
10 years ago , sun jihai , a bell of jinghai temple in nanjing , resounded 155 times , and was a capron of the history of hong kong island .
not a great fanfare , people of all walks of life in nanjing all gathered together , saying that through their own efforts , the alarm bell will always warn themselves and not forget history .
the alarm bell is 1.842 metres tall and the first explosion in 1842 is the first time that the " treaty of nanjing " was signed .
shoulder - shoulder is 1.997 metres , and the name of hong kong is the fruit of hong kong 's return .
the planning and creation of the world warrant , wang mengling , explained that the five pieces of twin mandarin , which were about to be used by high - sculptures and two dragon towers , were used in the whole roof , symbolizing that hong kong is the motherland 's holy pearl , and finally , using the meginseng of nanjing city as the parade .
the first proposal to build a police world bell was made by yu xiuyi , a democratic party member who was the first to suggest that hong kong 's return to the motherland has been over 10 years . he hoped that hong kong 's future will be as good as that of that , that , tomorrow , hong kong will be able to see the melody of the day , and not the end of the horse .
( end ) ( end )
russian security bureau accuses unjust oligarchy of " conspiracy " to start a prototype
russian oligarchy in exile in london bogekov announced on 2 july that the russian federal security bureau has formally put forward a new accusation against his litigants , accusing him of plotting on the state of stalgist in an attempt to seize the russian regime by force .
borovkov pointed out that bleezovsky said in an interview with a british newspaper " guardian " in april that he was prepared to launch a prairie in russia and that he was confirming that he would provide financial support to the right - wing elite representatives who opposed the authorities ' policies .
russian federal security bureau 's reconnaissance bureau immediately followed article 278 of the " russian federation criminal law " to stage a criminal case against the lucent claimants . a recent formal request was made to the moscow state salvyev court for the relevant accusations .
it has been learned that the russian federal procuratorate put forward a criminal case against rumsfeld in february 2006 , and based on the fact that the oligan in exile confirmed in interviews that he attempted to seize the russian regime by force .
the united states has always been exiled abroad and has no extradition . in january 2007 , russia suspended the investigation of the case .
on 2 july , the moscow saviyaf court began to hear another criminal case in exile . the russian general procuratorate accused perezovsky of swallowing russian airlines 214 million rupees and wlazing 16 million rubles , and the court decided to postpone the investigation until 12 july . this will provide legal advice for the accused country .
biestraw believes that these are all arguments that they specifically prohibit their own defense lawyers from participating in the activities .
( bi yuan )
guangxi 's sense of responsibility is subject to administrative efficiency supervision of 619 people
since the beginning of this year , all localities and departments in guangxi have launched activities to change the work style of cadres and to improve the administrative efficiency of government organs , and implemented the " three systems " of organizing and checking the work of examination and approval departments directly under the jurisdiction of the autonomous region , and the networks of administrative supervision and control .
up to now , 619 people have been held accountable .
this reporter learned from the discipline inspection commission of the autonomous region on 5 april that guangxi has initially formed the administrative efficiency supervision network of luju county , autonomous region , and has strengthened supervision over key departments ' duties and has completely linked the electronic supervision system with the autonomous region .
the regional electronic supervision system for administrative efficiency directly affects the investment environment and the production and life of the masses of the people . the 33 key examination and approval departments directly under the autonomous region have connected with their responsibilities , further standardize the examination and approval behavior , and improve the efficiency of examination and approval .
at the same time , discipline inspection and supervisory organs at all levels in guangxi have seriously investigated and handled cases involving work style and damaging the interests of the masses . at present , they have investigated and verified 11,000 pieces , investigated 769 cases , and investigated 584 units , and investigated and prosecuted 684 units .
liu yongqi , member of the standing committee of the cpc committee and secretary of the xi'an commission for discipline inspection , said on 5 february that the supervision of administrative efficiency is a work that has always been carried out in the process of administrative activities , and a long - term mechanism should be formed step by step .
guangxi should further improve and standardize various aspects of administrative management , establish and improve the mechanism and guarantee mechanism for supervising administrative efficiency , and include the supervision of efficiency in the institutionalized orbit , further standardize the supervisory and inspection procedures , improve the mechanism for handling complaints and the mechanism for evaluating performance , and intensify the investigation of responsibility so as to ensure the implementation of the system of responsibility for the first - instance inquiry and the system of handling of work on time and limits .
the chinese government has decided to set up a special committee on the protection of the intellectual property rights ( ipr ) in the western part of the country , said a senior official here thursday .
nato does not rule out the possibility of cooperating with the united states on the abm issue .
nato information officer simona de manso said in an exclusive interview with xinhua on 9 april that the possibility of linking the united states with nato 's own defense system is not ruled out .
mona de mansoo said nato is studying the us anti - ballistic missile program and hopes that the united states will protect its anti - missile bases to cover all european allies .
she said that nato has its own theater missile defense system and has started to discuss the establishment of a strategic missile defense system , and has linked the us anti - ballistic missile system with nato 's own defense system .
she also said that the united states has already made some progress on the issue of the establishment of an anti - ballistic missile system in europe .
the chinese government will continue to work with the european union ( eu ) to promote the development of the relations between the two countries , said a senior chinese official here thursday .
two jordan people were killed for plotting attacks on the united states
two jordan men were killed by a planned attack on the americans in jordan and were sentenced by the jordan national security court on 11 april .
the two men , aged 25 , together with a man , sahar , were sentenced to eight years ' imprisonment for mandatory labor service while another man , jean - claude hada , was sentenced to three years ' imprisonment for mandatory labor .
the court official said that the defendant , ho tat lane , was also charged with illegal possession of a submachine gun while searching his briefcase .
the court originally decided to sentenced hu ta - li to life imprisonment and later considered giving him a chance to mend her glimpse , which would be reduced to eight years .
the indictment said that the two defendants decided to provide assistance to those who suffered humiliation by the americans after the iraq war broke out , and then plotted attacks on americans living in jordan .
in august 2006 , they sent a man to andu , capital of jordan , to take part in the attacks .
the indictment did not make public the identity of this american .
the indictment also accused the two defendants of having planned attacks on other americans , but did not reveal any specific details .
the chinese government will continue to support the development of the country 's economy , said a senior official here tuesday .
diabetes diabetes has been reported to the public by a large margin .
according to a report by the us media on 15 june , the adverse reactions of the heart attack report , which was triggered by diabetes drug , and other such , have recently shown a big upward trend in the united states .
the food and drug administration of the united states issued a safety warning in may this year , advising diabetes to use carefully as scientists published a new menacia magazine on 21 may , saying that this kind of unsalable drugs will increase the incidence rate and the incidence rate of heart disease of patients .
as a result , wen di yadh has been closely watched by doctors and patients .
statistics show that about one month after the issue of the safety warning , the us pharmaceutical administration bureau received 357 examples of indecent reactions , of which 38 were fatal .
in january and february this year , the pharmaceutical administration bureau received only 50 and 73 adverse reactions reports respectively .
these bad responses were lightly reduced to stagnant water and died of sudden heart attack .
however , the drug experts of the us pharmaceutical administration bureau believe that it is now reaching the conclusion that vincent de vincent is unsafe .
the authority will hold a meeting on july 30 on the issue of wendi .
in 1999 , hubbub 's name was a kind of suite , which was applicable to the treatment of diabetes .
around 6 million diabetes patients in the world have taken or are taking the diabetes .
vuja gregor , a british businessman , has always believed that van diyah is safe and has more advantages than disadvantages for patients .
us wants to resume middle east peace talks
us president george w. bush made a speech in washington on 16 june , urging the international conference on the palestine - israel issue to be held this autumn to invite israel to attend the international conference on the resumption of the middle east peace process by inviting israel 's neighboring arab countries and other relevant countries .
on 17 january , bush also called egyptian president mubarak and saudi king juan ben al-assad to actively respond to the proposal and take concrete action to support abbas , chairman of the palestinian national authority , to help palestine and israel to resume peace talks at an early date .
abbas said the central committee of the plo will discuss the early elections in palestine
palestinian national authority chairman abbas said on 18 april in ramallah that the central committee of the palestinian liberation organization ( plo ) , which opened for two days , will discuss the holding of the palestinian national authority and the election of the legislative council ahead of schedule .
abbas made the remarks during a meeting with eu foreign and security representatives in ramallah 's presidential office on the same day , and said at a joint press conference held later that if the plo central committee made the decision , the president would have the power to issue legal , legal , and order to be issued soon .
at the same time , abbas felt satisfied with the relations between the palestinian national authority and the eu .
he said : the palestinian side welcomes the eu 's understanding of the measures taken by the palestinian president 's government .
abbas urged the eu to continue providing humanitarian aid to the palestinian people in gaza .
he reiterated the eu 's support for abbas and the palestinian people .
he said : the issue of the middle east has been related to the un ( the united states and russia ) , and will hold a meeting on 19 june to discuss the issue of reopening the middle east peace process , and the next few days may be proposed .
" we are very concerned about the deployment of international troops in gaza , but we need to discuss with other parties , especially with the united nations , " he said .
the chinese government will continue to work with the united states to promote the development of the sino - japanese relations , said a senior chinese official here tuesday .
jiangxi will provide a new , fine - tuning award for health personnel in rural areas for 30 years .
for a long time , a large number of health professionals and technical personnel in rural areas have paid some labor and nursing years for the health of the grassroots and the peasants .
jiangxi province recently decided to conduct a special examination on health technical personnel who have been working in rural areas for 30 years , and award the title of honorary title for public health workers in rural areas .
according to the health department of jiangxi province , the government held a health specialist and technical work meeting at the township and town health clinic , which has a professional technical skill of middle - level medical education and specialized health care skills of primary and middle - level health professionals . all the cadres who have worked in the township and town health academy for 30 years in a row or in the village of luoju township , and the workers of mawei village , who have worked for 30 years , are
the first batch of confirmation will be final at the end of july .
the state council will also implement the " regulations on the management of public health services in rural areas " and the " regulations on the protection of public health service . "
senior professional examinations will be conducted on a single basis , and the assessment will be based on actual work , and the conditions for scientific research and theses will be relaxed as appropriate , so that the qualification will be granted .
the jiangxi provincial health department will arrange a certain number of vacation places every year to provide funding .
beginning this year , jiangxi province will launch a large - scale rural health work project called " award " every two years , and work on confirming the achievements made by jiangxi province in the work of promoting public health in the rural areas for 30 years .
the chinese government has decided to set up a special fund to help the poor in the country 's economic development , said a senior official here wednesday .
the us defense department reconsidered the plan to reduce us troops stationed in europe
us defense department officials said on 23 march that due to the iraq war and changes in the world situation , the us defense department is now reconsidering a plan to cut the number of us troops stationed in europe by about half .
the us media quoted an official of the defense department as saying that because the iraq war is still going on and the relations between the united states and russia and iran have worsened , the defense department has raised questions about the feasibility of reducing the european military presence plan .
rumsfeld , then secretary of defense , announced that the united states would send troops to europe by 2012 , a reduction of the number of original warlords to 7.00 , in order to build a new type of army that is rare and capable of producing troops .
at present , the total us military strength stationed in europe has dropped to the pink .
however , in june this year , us military commander in european command , jean chretien , submitted a report to the current defense minister , asking questions about the above - mentioned cut plan .
the report said that us troops stationed in europe , while reducing their military strength , have been transferred to iraq and afghanistan in turn , causing a shortage of us military personnel stationed in europe and being unable to carry out normal cooperation with european allies .
the report proposes to stop the reduction of us forces stationed in europe .
relevant us experts believe that the above phenomena show that the long - time dragons of the iraq war have disrupted the original us military readjustment plan .
the chinese government will continue to work with the european union ( eu ) to promote the development of the relations between the two countries , said a senior chinese official here thursday .
the jiaotong film production safety exhibition was held in jiuzhou , shandong province , to send traffic safety films to the community site .
people 's daily net , qingdao , 26 july ( reporter song xuechun and fan zhongliang )
to further deepen the building of civilized cities , we should further enhance the awareness of the public in the rule of law and the sense of road safety , and enhance their awareness of observing the law . from 20 july to 10 august , the city 's yingkou city group held a grand parade at the people 's square in the city 's capital city , the three - li he square in the city of luca , li he , and the funan town of liujizhu , and
before the opening of the film , the xijiu group printed " protect life , " a letter to the broad masses of the people , and some publicity materials to disseminate " life warning " and " school education " to the public .
the film " the curtain " has drawn a great sigh from the residents , and a scene of a piece of fury has played a great role in warning .
in particular , the special inscription " go to school " has enabled me to understand , love , and accept the education .
this movie attracted more than 3,000 residents around the square to watch , especially some famous young ladies and migrant workers , who sat in the center of the site with great relentless attention .
through the delivery of transport safety films , the public can learn about the progress of the activities of the community at the same time as in nager , and receive a profound education on traffic safety , which has been warmly received by the public , especially the new residents .
health ministry : restaurant industry to gradually implement public health supervision system
to better implement the " food hygiene law " and the " state council 's " decision on further strengthening food safety , " the ministry of health has separately issued a " food hygiene law " to the public in the city of haidian district of beijing municipality , the city of hubei province , hangzhou city of zhejiang province , luoyang city of henan province , luoyang city of henan province , xianju city of henan province , haikou city of henan province , and xianju city
this system will also gradually turn over to the whole country .
the public health supervision and public notice system for the restaurant industry is a system that sets out health permits for food and drinks and health management system for health management personnel of health food premises on the basis of day - to - day supervision by health management personnel of the food and label processing industry , health health protection establishments , health food hygiene , food hygiene , and other important health conditions on the spot for inspection and inspection of nine important health issues , including sterilization , purchasing certificates , and so
according to the briefing , the public listing list will adopt the unified appetite form and form stipulated by the ministry of health , which include the on - site investigation results of the health situation , the health supervision opinions on the scene , the names of the supervisory organs , and the telephone number of complaints from customers , which will be examined by the restaurant and restaurant units , and the visitor 's department 's department of health will be clearly located at the entrance to understand the health condition of the unit .
the chinese government has decided to set up a special committee on the protection of the intellectual property rights ( ipr ) in the western part of the country , according to the chinese ministry of foreign trade and economic cooperation ( moftec ) .
the security council decided to extend the term of office of the peacekeeping troops stationed in ethiopia and eritrea
the un security council unanimously adopted a resolution on 30 june agreeing to send un peacekeeping troops to eritrea ( eerre ) for six months to january next year .
the resolution requires all parties concerned to carry out their commitments , exercise restraint , ease the tension , and avoid uncessing military activities , and urge eritrea to immediately withdraw its troops and armor and its military equipment from the temporary security zone , and urge the united states to reduce the number of additional military troops deployed in the vicinity of the temporary security zone .
the resolution requires immediate steps to implement the specific measures to ensure that the eritrean border committee can quickly set out the border without any circumstances , and requires that eritrea no longer delay the operation and operation of eritrea .
the resolution reiterates its full support for the work of the eritrean border committee and expresses appreciation for the committee 's decision to hold a meeting with eritrean and ethiopia on september 6 .
in 1998 , eritrea and bhutsi broke out a border conflict , causing many casualties .
in june 2000 , ethiopia and eritrea signed a ceasefire agreement in algeria 's capital algiers .
the united nations began deploying peacekeeping troops in the ethiopian - eritrean border in july 2001 to monitor the implementation of the cease - fire agreement between the two countries .
the chinese government has decided to set up a special administrative region ( sar ) government to implement the " regulations on the protection of public health " and the " regulations on the protection of public health and the protection of the environment for the protection of the environment for the protection of the environment " of the people 's health system .
the national county level competition for the olympics opens
chengdu , june 30 ( staff reporters )
xing huiju , a reporter from the provincial party committee , reported : to implement the spirit of the party central committee 's instructions on building a harmonious socialist society and to coordinate with the building of a new countryside , the entire society has made great achievements in building a harmonious society in the two cities of chengdu , capital of chengdu , on 30 june .
the six - day event attracted 10 county - level men from all over the country .
according to the regulations , athletes who participate in this competition must be athletes who are young men of 18 years old .
for the 2006 season of excellence , the chinese athletes ' management center registered at the state sports general administration of china , no one should enroll any professional or professional athletes .
the competition adopted the " zhuji rules " recently examined and approved by the china council of origin , and the competition was divided into two stages of the preliminary competition and the final .
the competition was jointly organized by the state sports general administration of china , the china international sports company and others .
in recent years , shuangliu county , which has a history of friendship , has developed rapidly and has received awards from the national sports advanced individuals and advanced units of the nation , including sport counties of shuifu county , which have successively received national sports counties .
in particular , in the construction of new rural areas , shuangliu county has vigorously carried out a project of sports for farmers , and has integrated the construction of sports facilities with the beautification of recreational facilities in rural areas , built sports grounds in rural areas , built with peasants , and let the sports service system cover rural areas . it has popularized the " falungong " activities of local distinctive farmers , such as " joy " , which has been participated in sports competitions and improved their quality
the three functions of modern military uniforms
first , recognition functions .
different countries , different arms of services and arms , as well as important hallmarks of the people .
the world 's largest and smaller armies of over 100 countries have the basic use of uniforms , but there is no difference in the uniforms of the armed forces of any two countries .
second , symbolizing functions .
to a certain extent , military uniforms are a national spiritual outlook and are also a national army 's combat capability .
at the ceremony , the three great armies of the uniforms , namely , chang fu - chang , were able to demonstrate the proudly proudly , the princess , and the gift of the fine - tune .
third , protection functions .
with the rapid development of new and high - tech weaponry , the comprehensive protection capability of new - type units has been enhanced , and the number of chemical warfare units has increased , and the impact of temperature reduction and wet melons has been reduced .
( shi wei )
a certain unit 's party committee organs handled the situation , and the situation was quite bad .
chengdu , july 3 , by staff reporter
yang xiuyi , a native of xi'an , said : " we can live on the building because of the determination and courage of the party committee organs of the team .
today , a certain communications training brigade of the chengdu military region has more than 10 cadres living in the qiaoxing room . they have solved the problem of brave determination and courage to tackle the hard - bumpy work of the great contingent party committee members , and are full of admiration and admiration .
in the past few years , with the arrival of the staff , some of the houses of the group 's family were overtaken in violation of regulations , causing difficulties in housing for cadres in the service , and the officers and men had a lot of complaints about this .
the brigade also had several times , and all had been unable to overcome all kinds of obstacles , thus turning this issue into a big problem .
if you are brave enough to confront reality , you will not have a problem that cannot be solved .
the new party committee leadership has reached a consensus , and the principal leaders have started to thoroughly sort out all problems of violating regulations and occupying houses .
they were on the one hand , eager to see relevant personnel , and they talked about the work of the army 's horticulture and management , and on the other hand , on the other hand , on the issue of the relevant policies and regulations concerning the economy of the army 's building , which showed the party committee 's firm determination and principled stand .
for some houses that are not willing to go out or take over the occupancy , the party committee organs promptly contacted their units and adopted corresponding measures to urge them to take the initiative in cooperating with the work of the troops .
after two months of meticulous work , all bogus households that violated regulations and occupied houses were moved out on schedule , and the working cadres of the brigade were assigned a housing according to regulations .
the party committee of this brigade dared to confront the hard - line style and produced a negative effect . the original few cadres who were unwilling to actively cooperate with the organization have expressed their willingness to submit to the organizational decision .
senior chinese official meets bangladeshi guests
beijing , july 9 ( wen wei po )
report by reporter zhang shun : chi haotian , member of the central military commission [ cmc ] , met with rear admiral chipman , chief of staff of the bangladesh air force , and his party in beijing today .
qiao qingchen said that since the establishment of diplomatic relations between china and bangladesh , bilateral relations have developed smoothly , high - level exchanges have been frequent , and friendly exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been strengthened .
the two countries , no matter in international affairs or in their own national construction , trust each other and support each other closely .
china appreciates and thanks bangladesh for its consistent support to china on issues such as taiwan 's human rights situation and tibet .
qiao qingchen said that the chinese armed forces cherish their friendly relations with the bangladesh armed forces , and hoped that with the joint efforts of both sides , the two armed forces will further expand the fields and levels of friendly cooperation , strengthen friendly exchanges and cooperation between the air forces of the two countries , and raise the friendly and cooperative relations established between the two armed forces to a new level .
he said bangladesh will make its own efforts to further develop the friendly relations between the two armed forces , especially the air forces of the two countries .
he reiterated that the bangladesh government will , as always , adhere to the one - china policy .
prior to the meeting , qiao qingchen held a welcoming ceremony for zoo 's visit .
qi made the above remarks at the invitation of qiao qingchen . he arrived in beijing on 8 july for a formal and friendly visit to china .
the seven - type military uniforms designer is a guest of the chinese military website .
beijing , 13 jul ( wen wei po ) -- reporter liu xinxin , yang baogong , reported : the pla units will replace their 07 - style military uniforms with the new model beginning 1 august .
this evening , the chinese military web site specially invited the military materials to be sent to the military by chen jun , deputy director of the armament bureau , and su yang , senior engineer of the military armament research institute , and the first man of the engineer of the military uniform research institute , to be the chinese military web site , to be the background and development process of the new military uniform born with netizens both inside and outside the military , which has evoked reperc@@
the two guests are mr michael suen , a military uniform design .
on the changes in the uniform of the new military , they said that the 07 - model military uniforms are the 97 - type military uniforms , which are designed on the basis of the 97 military uniforms , and the series of ceremonies of the military uniforms and other seven other aspects of the new uniforms have reached several hundred .
the biggest characteristic of the military uniform of 2007 is that the formation of the lineup function has embodied the requirements of turning the personnel into a system , and the first time the pla military uniforms have coordinated the three armed forces together , indicating that the military uniform building level has achieved a historic leap forward .
the two guests also exchanged views on the new military uniform type , the name liver , and other issues .
the appeal was jointly made by the china military web site and the china internet news network .
jingjiang city 's people 's armed forces platforms upgrade the quality of cadres
this newspaper , which is named zhu chunbin , reported : on 18 june , a group of cadres from jingjiang city , jiangsu province was assembled by lu yuqing , minister of the armed forces of xilai town , who taught the theory of " winning the psychological warfare under the condition of informatization " and received the unanimous support of the trainees .
this is a new development project of the mechanized infantry department in connection with the reality of their posts to strive to improve the overall quality of the cadres .
early this year , the party committee of the people 's armed forces department discovered during its investigation and study at the grass - roots level that some specialized wu cadres , including shi xiaoliang and li ju , did not concentrate their main energy on the armed forces work .
therefore , they have adopted the method of training on the basis of relying on training for local party schools , and conducted regular training for specialized wu cadres , and worked hard to resolve such problems as narrowing the knowledge of specialized wu cadres and narrowing their professional quality .
in light of the central work , we should boldly give full force to cadres who work at work and make them more competent in work posts .
at the same time , they actively coordinated with local organization departments and jointly formulated the " plan for appointing specialized - cadres by bidding for appointment " and explicitly stipulated that the minister of armed forces must go to the party committee and stop from other duties .
established a mechanism for the adjustment and exchange of cadres with specialized skills , and set up a mechanism for the exchange of cadres with special skills who did not adapt to the work of armed forces at the grass - roots level in a timely manner , adjust and exchange the work of selecting and promoting cadres with strong overall quality .
not long ago , chen yizong , director of the armed forces department of the new century , led the militia technology detachment to innovate and develop underwater ships , thus filling in a domestic bottle , and was upgraded to the head of the armed forces department of the company .
good will first be good at doing things
judging from the result of the competition alone , the score of 2 to 2 is reasonable and acceptable . the key is the process of the competition , and so many regrets .
if iran is the lead of 2 - 0 , then the score will be divided , which will definitely give china a different feeling and will have a long spell of disintegration .
good will never be good , but one can be said to be old .
" i am very happy to see that i will not kick a ball under the current circumstances , and the general public 's view is that china 's psychological quality is not up to the mark .
this is indeed a great fantasy .
however , judging from today 's competition , it seems that it is not as good as it is .
sun jihai , deputy director of the state council international liaison department , kicked off his trip to europe .
this unfortunate act was forced by the iranian team , and the reason was probably the dispatch of troops to iraq .
iran 's team , under a backward condition , changed the two , and the situation was immediately cut off .
the second half of the game also changed three pieces of jewelry , which was not good .
overcome the problem of being good at beginning and being incompetent to end , and we must find the root cause of the problem .
if problems are accurately identified and the methods for correcting the problems are probably not difficult to find them .
they are afraid of getting sick and suffering from unrest .
if this goes on , then the horse is still a lot more competition , old problems will still be committed , and no one can talk about the kick that everyone is looking forward to .
the ministry of public security awarded the title of collective second collective title to the guangdong border defense corps hospital .
the shenzhen staff headquarters , july 18 ,
li guoliang , huang qi , reported : over the years , guangdong border defense corps hospital has , while doing a good job of medical support for troops , exerted efforts to help the poor masses , one piece of luju tuze among the people .
this morning , the ministry of public security awarded a collective gift to the guangdong border defense corps hospital for a collective honor - giving rally and a report meeting on the advanced deeds of supporting the government and cherishing the people .
the guangdong border defense command hospital has successively established a special hospital in shenzhen with the construction of social harmony as its first special medical team in shenzhen , bruce huawei , and three other medical and health workers , who are specifically targeted at migrant workers , only need one yuan for medical treatment and charge , and the examination fee can be reduced to eight frames .
the hospital has specially equipped a jeep service vehicle to receive free medical treatment from peasant workers and introduced health service cards for peasant workers .
this measure , which is beneficial to the people , has benefited more than 12,000 farmers .
from ju , the hospital also conducted a demonstration of the beam , the beam , and the nursing of the eye of the tibetan province , eight times , and organized health care personnel to go to xi'an , jiangxi , yunnan , and other places in tibet to attend to the ceremonial health service in the region , and to conduct a free operation of nearly 3,000 cases of beauty , thus causing patients to see the light again .
the armed police force has changed the seven - page clothing on 1 august .
beijing , july 19 ( wen wei po ) reporter liu zhifeng reporting from zhang jianjun : the armed police force will change its 07 - style clothes beginning 1 august .
today , this reporter has learned from the special stamps issuing ceremony and the cannon of the armed police force 's 7 - type clothes , which were exchanged for the time , the name of the armed police force , the name of the four large types of jewelry .
dress is made up of the existing olive green and has been adjusted to a deep - rolive green , with both sides frame and frame . the overall design sense is strong . in the establishment of the model , the standard of the national costume is applied .
the officers and men of the red army have made great straw of the crop of the roof of the crop and the chang - ting - type of the " red - bracket " model , and the " red - shed " design of the spring - autumn fragments .
the newly added name list of national defense cadets and a ribbon of national defense , as well as the re - designed label of the name of the name of the lucky menu , have enhanced the functions of garments identification and enhanced the sense of beauty .
the armed police force 's 07 costumes will be replaced in three years .
before 1 august 2007 , the company and the whole army held a ceremony for the award of the outstanding cadres and the national flag , the literary engineering group of the army , and the art group of the army , and the outstanding young cadres and soldiers of the troops stationed in beijing , the name of the summer uniforms and the emblems of the spring autumn festival .
bao xuding , a soldier of the pla unit , was named " xiuqiu " by the name of the " han dynasty " .
huo fu - du - fu [ name as transliterated ] is a common clothes for the family of six years .
in december 2009 , the soldiers were given the winter uniform .
and the training was subordinate to the gradual replacement of the training season .
a certain base of the second artillery corps has started to operate in the remote areas of direct education .
the reporters learned from xue tieshan and xu yqing : the education organization of the remote directly subordinate units , which has been fighting for itself , will become a phenomenon in which each side has been fighting for itself , and will be a history of a certain base of the second artillery corps .
this reporter has recently learned that after six months of trial - point work , the base has issued the ' implementation measures for implementing the ' program of ideological and political education ' and has covered several areas of ideological and political education and cooperation in all small , scattered , and directly administered units of the base .
and provide a powerful ideological and political basis for promoting the effective implementation of the " outline of ideological and political education " . at the beginning of this year , the base organized forces to conduct in - depth investigation and study , thus creating a major problem affecting and restricting the effectiveness of personnel of the time of education and giving shape to a new - type educational model in the cooperative zone of small , remote , and directly subordinate units .
the specific method of the cooperation zone is to break the demarcation line between units and designate one brigade at the regimental level in the less concentrated area of small and scattered units as a unified plan for the theme education . units of different social systems discussed the issue of hearing on the nearly platform or using the xxix system .
adopting the method of combining promotion with competition for posts , it has unified educational strength and unified educational resources , unified use of educational hardware in the dock area , sharing data experiences from various units , and organizing typical examples in the district to regularly report on how officers and soldiers study .
each cooperation zone has established a chain of educational personnel and educational experts .
on this basis , all the cooperative zones have also established a system for seeking major assistance from among the students , and a system for reporting and evaluating the situation of major education cases .
zhang shengmin , director of the base political department , told this reporter that establishing a political education cooperation zone has not only reduced the waste of educational resources but also deepened the educational results .
some political fears are lost before officers and men of a unit , and they take the initiative to study new knowledge and explore new ways of education .
officers and men who receive education also actively educate them , fearing that they would talk about foreign affairs in front of officers and soldiers of neighboring units when they talk about the topic .
this kind of image and enthusiasm has been effectively aroused .
a certain unit of the north sea fleet sent its soldiers a total of 40,000 yuan .
the reporters learned from the pla daily zhang junhong and liu jun : on 17 july , zhang weiliang , deputy chief engineer of a certain unit under the north sea fleet , happily set foot on the beidaihe train of the 31 long - standing unit under the leadership of zhang weiliang , a deputy chief engineer of the pla north china sea fleet .
luo xiangming , a grade 6 officer , told this writer with pleasure that the leaders of the group concerned for and cherish the soldiers , after they came back , we will certainly work hard !
organizing grass - roots soldiers to join this brigade for the first time .
not long ago , yao yusheng went down to the grass - roots level to see that some fighters responsible for the maintenance of equipment were braving the cloth to make it very touching .
soldiers forgot their work for their own sake , and the party committee should care for and cherish soldiers and be responsible for the health of soldiers . at the party committee , yao qingsheng 's remarks were endorsed by all .
after studying the matter , the party committee decided to distribute the number of units assigned by the higher level to the soldiers working on the first line .
a certain unit of the jinan military region has openly handled matters of hot spots and not hot flames .
jfjb .
wang weiqin , a special envoy of wang weiqin , reported : on 25 july , this writer saw at a certain unit of the jinan military region a piece of news about the appointment of the financial secretary , the promotion of the cadres to join the party , and other important matters , including the construction of a unit .
according to su chengsen , political commissar , this is a measure adopted by the unit to promote the system of opening government affairs to the public .
the party committee of this unit has formulated a " basic - level supervision system for organs " and a " public announcement on sensitive issues " in order to strengthen the building of party style and clean government , and has called on all major issues involving the immediate interests of officers and men , and then made a decision , and , as viewed as a result , to publicize the results of the work criterion and the results of the work of handling the work .
the unit has set up a public notice column , which has opened up a panels on the bread , and has extensively collected views and suggestions from the public .
early this year , the renovation project of the soldiers ' dormitory building started , and the party committee organs extensively solicited the opinions of officers and soldiers before they started the project , and then issued the tender information and conducted open bidding .
it has saved money and won the support of officers and soldiers .
the work of opening up and impartiality has brought about a good atmosphere in the grassroots .
in this unit , grass - roots companies , regardless of whether they are big or hot - spot and sensitive , or small individual vacation accounts and other daily expenses , have all persisted in announcing the relevant documents on a regular basis and conscientiously accept the supervision of the masses .
( international ) research shows that the shaking of houses is related to two genes
xinhua news agency , london , july 2 , icelandic scientists discovered that the shock risk of the two genes in icelandic buildings is far higher than that of ordinary people .
according to the latest issue of " nature " magazine , the icelandic researchers have expressed deep concern over the death of the former us president of federico salt and several thousand people from hong kong , china .
the two genes and the chills have important effects on the early stage of the heart .
the house was shaken and the clinical diarrhea was one of the most serious cases , which led to the pandemic , the spuriel , and the pair .
according to the " natural science , " a hero , published on 1 july , xue xue company researchers also found a " genetic " of the chrysanthemum of the human race 's 17th chromosome . they were found in two genes related to the chromosome , and they played a certain role in the cases of proprietary cancer of more than one - third of the proprietary cancer cases .
the study also found that one of the genes is the most important factor in raising people 's risk of chronic cancer , and at the same time , it has also reduced the risk of suffering from corrosive diabetes .
( sports ) keller 's american cup may be retired after the game
xinhua news agency , marathon , venezuela , july 3 , by wire ( reporter jian liu )
according to a report by the venezuelan media on the 3rd , humphan keller , 37 , said in an interview here that if the us cup finals no way of finding suitable club effects , he will choose to retire .
if the american cup finals 4 to 6 weeks after the end , i still cannot get a high level diocese of 1 - 2 , and the retirement may be a good choice i have made .
with the opening of the gagria team to germany , keller left the team which has served two more groups .
although keller had a hand in hand , he still looked up to the public notice , and he was obviously not worried about his family . he himself currently has eight so many as eight teams who are interested in inviting him to attend the games .
however , this former british prime minister , sir michael schumacher and gerald de jose , said that he would ultimately choose to depend on the family , and that my child was already nine years old . he was followed by me in three different countries , and i had three different schools . i now have to consider how to help my family with my family .
at the gold cup that ended not long ago , keller played a remarkable role and helped the team win the championship .
the american cup tournament , which was held in the middle of this year , was still held on a heavy mission by the head coach , naihe , a tough enemy , and the team which was once again drawn up by the youth and the medical team of the company , is not an adversary like the bronze of the famous bronze in the city of paraguay . the two matches he has been put on the caves seven times .
the next match of the columbia team is very likely to be the first match between the two teams and kaer in the current american cup .
harry rabierary cell phones to land china market
xinhua news agency report of july xna from ottawa - based on a report by the canadian newspaper " global post " after eight years of effort , the black name of canadian company , luca , has finally been granted a market access to china , and the first black stroll cell phone will be listed in china at the end of august .
director of qiushi bao [ name as transliterated ] , chief executive officer , said that he will present a report on black strawberries service to commercial customers in major cities such as beijing , zhuhai , and guangzhou .
the " global post " quoted a manager of beijing office as saying that harry bayer 8700g smart cell phones will land in china at the end of august and the sale will be about 700 us dollars , and so far 5,000 orders have been received .
bob zelly said that last week , the company 's listing on the internet has made people more and more concerned about the intelligent cell phone . as an ijuonne competitor , the black strawberries have now been sold in more than 100 countries in the world .
statistics show that in the first quarter of this year , the number of new mobile phone users of xiapu cell phones increased by 1.2 - million , and the total number of users has reached 9,000 .
spain : madrid killed in death of husband
xinhua news agency , july 7 th , a woman in spain was attacked by her monks , dragging her face , and discovering her husband as a " falungong " practitioner . the police have arrested him .
according to local media reports on the 6th , the woman was found in a bandrus shop in the city of valencia .
one day , a mongolian man named a masked man , believed that he was a kidnapper , told him to leave the drawer with money .
but the man did not get money , but pinched the neck of this woman , she wanted to .
she wanted to use a dead - set to bring gifts , but the man did not release her , or knocked her neck .
during the fighting , the woman pulled a piece of the mask , but found that the woman was her husband .
the culprit was arrested by the police .
the victim told the media that she and her husband were divorcing because of uncomfortable feelings . they had two children .
13 pilots resigned from donghang airlines , and the company resigned a reproach demanding more than 100 million yuan in retaliation .
xinhua news agency , july 11 , wuhan ( by liu yang and xiao chu )
13 pilots proposed to resign , while the name of the china orient aviation wuhan limited liability company , which has issued as high as 105 - million yuan , is a major labor dispute in hubei province with the largest amount of compensation .
the provincial labor dispute arbitration committee is currently hearing this case .
in may this year , 13 pilots of the donghang air force wuhan company successively submitted their resignation and were rejected by the company .
after that , the pilot successively submitted a report to the labor dispute arbitration committee of hubei province in early june , requesting the ruling to terminate his labor relations with the donghai wuhan company .
the china eastern airlines ' wuhan company received a notice of reply , urging 13 pilots to pay wages to the company for violating labor contracts and dismantling labor contracts , with losses of more than 6 million yuan to over 10 million yuan , and 0.05 million yuan .
it is understood that the pilot and the eastern airlines have signed a labor contract with a fixed term , except for the conditions of termination or the conditions of dissolution of the labor contract , the effect of the labor contract will continue to be on the statutory retirement age of the pilot .
the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration committee made an appeal and a hearing on the case , and is expected to conclude the hearing before 8 august .
germany urges russia to pass border treaty as soon as possible
xinhua news agency , july 12 , canada ( reporter yang dehong ) - visiting german foreign minister steinmeier called on russia to pass the border treaty as soon as possible .
steinmeier said on the same day that he and papua maria held talks , during which the two sides discussed the relationship between rand and the cooperation of the european union and exchanged views on the development of relations between the european union and russia .
at a news conference held after the talks , steinmeier called on russia to pass the border treaty between the two countries as soon as possible .
steinmeier said that the entire countries of the region and russia are relatively slow in improving their relations , and the process of signing the treaty has witnessed the development of the relations between the two countries , and the history of the relations between the two countries may regress again , and he hoped that russia would pass the treaty on the russian border as soon as possible to promote the development of bilateral relations .
on 27 march this year , after a 10 - year negotiation , prime minister carl vestus and russian prime minister godddakov signed a border treaty in moscow .
on 17 may , the rajya parliament passed a border treaty between the two countries .
according to media reports , the russian parliament will vote on the treaty in the near future .
dprk , rok to hold sixth round of six - party talks
pyongyang , july 16 ( xinhua ) pyongyang , july 16 ( xinhua )
the military representatives of the dprk and the rok held a military meeting in panmunjom on 16 june . the two sides agreed to hold the sixth round of talks between the dprk and rok on 24 june .
according to a report by the central news agency , dprk military representative pak myong - su proposed in the contacts that day the plan to build a missile defense system between yanping island and baiyin island in the western part of the dprk , and explained in detail the reasons for this .
he said that the establishment of a common block must be carried out to the maximum extent the principle of seeking common prosperity among the chinese nation and safeguarding peace and stability .
speaking on the existing problems on the sea boundary between the two sides , pak myong - su said : to prevent military conflicts between the two sides in the western region , the two sides should abandon the sea boundary they have upheld so far , respect each other , respect each other , respect each other 's consular , and recognize the relevant agreement between the dprk and the international community as the basis for consultations .
he said that the timely formulation of military support measures to promote cooperation and exchanges between the dprk and rok is a sticking stand upheld by the dprk military .
he said : the rok side should take military measures to ensure the dprk 's non - governmental ships can directly go to the south of the port of haizhou and freely pass through the strait of cheju .
this is the second meeting between the dprk and the rok recently held between the two sides since 10 february .
the fifth dprk - rok talks were held in panmunjom on 8 and 11 may .
( international ) hyundai motor denies intentional acquisition of wolfowitz
xinhua news agency , july 18 , seoul , - a spokesman for the hyundai motor company said in seoul on july 18 that the company had no intention to buy any of wolfowitz or jeju automobile giants .
the sunday times and the new york times both reported the other day that the sale of wolfowitz might be a matter of fact .
the sunday times even reported that the us military has not yet established a new - type aircraft carrier .
a spokesman for the hyundai automobile company said that we are not interested in buying wolfowiju or lu huo , and modern company is currently implementing its own expansion plan , and he simply cannot have time to attend to his career .
in 1999 , $ 645 - million came from swedish wolfowitz group .
at present , wolfowitz and lu qiuliu are all under the name of the chief automobile group ( juan ) .
in march this year , wang ju , who was in a loss , sold his name , masahiro , under the name of " zhuyi banner " , and last month he indicated that he would consider selling the tiger and the baise .
( sports ) cuba fights rope too short
xinhua news agency , rio de janeiro , july 21 ( reporter chen weihua ) - - - lu xiantong
the cuban delegation held a grand ceremony on 21 march to demonstrate the resurgence of the pan - american games , which will affect the performance of the fist .
according to the rules of the international fist federation , the rope of the fist tower in international competitions should be 6.1 meters , but according to the coach of the cuban delegation 's boxing team , pedrovker , the rope of the pan - american games , which is the most popular , is less than 1 meters .
rok said : we have submitted a formal protest because this incident is not an issue affecting a country of cuba , but a matter involving all .
the rope will affect the fists ' lightning and lightning maneuvers .
he also said : if you were looking for a jeju that could not meet the olympic standards , you could go to some places to find a place .
as we know , we brought from cuba .
the mexican delegation also made a positive response to the boxer rope that day .
columbia fist julius del bisus won the first battle , but he said : although i won the first match , i still had too narrow the fist , i really did not feel that it was not the first time that the belgian gift has won the first match .
the resumption of exports of overseas orders by baker milk milk reactionaries
xinhua news agency , shanghai , july 24 ( reporter xu shousong and yu lihong ) reporters learned from guansheng ( group ) limited that the daba rabbit coalumni of shanghai port recently resumed exports , and many overseas couples demanded orders .
the kaifu garden in singapore , mr larry lam , a company of cornell funan , recently sent a telegram to the cornell hills group , saying that the results of the tests of the nong lrabbour cod in singapore are not included in formaldehyde , which can be sold normally in the market , and therefore demand for orders .
the crown prince horst horst , a malaysian company , said that he asked the park to immediately send a piece of rabbel - rabbit to malaysia .
the crown prince hop schuster trading company limited also sent a message to kaesong , saying that the hong kong food safety centre had taken rabbit rabbit in hong kong for testing and confirmed that the formaldehyde content was not formaldehyde .
hsbc trade limited has received a notification from huaxia of hong kong that it has decided to resume sales of the largest amount of rabberger in hong kong .
it is understood that the 10 ports in shanghai , which once had a port , have gradually resumed their exports .
at present , there are seven containers , including the dabriel , which is being sent to singapore , the name of the united states of nepal , etc.
britain 's bomb attack on british police
london , july 26 ( xinhua ) british police announced on july 26 that in mid - july , the criminal suspect of manufacturing a jewish bomb threat , in klethros , in kansas prefecture , was arrested .
the police said that this man named maiju , 51 , is an unemployed person , and he will be extorted and fabricated bombs .
on the afternoon of 14 july , 14 british national emir apiju , who was attacked by the police for the second day because of the threat of a bomb , was immediately closed .
dutch is the peak time for british people to buy , at that time the 14 parties closed , the biggest horse loss to britain , and the sales income from the company .
the british police then conducted a criminal investigation into the incident and announced that no one was found in the incident , but there might be some economic motives behind the incident .
( sports ) change of the date of the beijing olympics is the birthday of the beijing olympics .
beijing , july 28 ( xinhua ) the chinese government will continue to implement the " beijing olympics " next year , which will be held in beijing in july next year , according to sources with the ministry of foreign affairs .
by changing the technical means such as the time of flowers , researchers have found a good policy to add color to the olympics .
on 28 june , the summer olympic games of xxix and the selection of the best - qualified - type products of the summer olympics in beijing , the assessment experts concluded that the use of promoting the cultivation of new technologies , natural flower - type products of different nature , or products of different natural flower types , can be applied in summer flowers , and the best result of the beijing olympics in the coming august is achieved .
in beijing summer , we can only see more than a dozen types of furniture that has been widely opened , or even far from reaching the level of enveloping that is still in place .
through hard work , scientific researchers selected 206 types of summer olympic games , and selected more than 400 varieties of summer olympic games .
the " international convention on the olympic games " held in beijing 's haidian park was held at the countdown of the beijing olympics . a group of experts carefully nurtured by researchers in the past , which could not be natural , were able to celebrate the birthday of the flowers in the past .
turkish ruling party wins parliamentary election
xinhua news agency , july 30 , hanoi ( by wang jian ) - the election of the 23 rd turkish supreme election commission showed that the ruling justice and development party won 341 seats of the 550 seats , and won another party 's pronouncement .
at the parliamentary election held on 22 july , the main opposition party , the republican party , won the seats .
the national action party won 71 seats in the election .
apart from the above three political parties , 26 other senators were elected .
the new parliament will hold its first meeting in august .
all members will be sworn in and will start to perform their duties .
the parliament will then vote without voting to elect a new parliament speaker .
the turkish parliament election was originally scheduled for november , but in the presidential election at the end of april , the opposition party , which was the only candidate , named justice and the development party 's vice premier and foreign minister , resisted the election , which led to a presidential election defeat and the parliamentary election was held ahead of schedule .
