white house urges nuclear inspectors to monitor north korea 's closure of nuclear reactor
the white house today called for the dispatch of nuclear inspectors as soon as possible to monitor north korea 's closure of its nuclear reactor , and the white house made a statement after us president bush and south korean president roh moo - hyun talked over the phone .
a white house national security council spokesman elmer eliabeth said that today the two leaders discussed the us - south korea cooperation on north korean nuclear issues and hoped that iaea inspectors will return to north korea soon to monitor the stopover of north korea 's nuclear reactor operations and sealed up .
mr keith said that the two presidents also expressed their concern over the us - south korea free trade agreement signed yesterday , and would make efforts to ensure that the agreement was approved by the two parliaments .
experts believe that pyongyang has made a breakthrough in its plutonium products over the past 20 years , and that it is enough to produce 12 nuclear weapons .
the us special envoy to the six - party talks christopher hill said last week that he expected the yongbyon nuclear reactor to be closed in mid - july .
the heavy rain in western india killed 43 people
the heavy rains hit western india last weekend , and the flooding in some areas was seriously flooded , with the fast track of the western city .
the rescue officials said today that the trunk of 43 people .
the number of seasons brought by the monroe from june to september each year has often led to the flood of india , a country with a population of one - hundred - million , and even caused casualties .
this time , the rain was heavy , half of the victims were drowned by floods , and others were thrown into the mountains because of houses or the state of the state .
the financial center of india is also under the influence of the financial center .
in the two days of the 29 th , the sunburger is down by 43 centimeters .
chief executive of the guerrilla guzark said that the single death was 13 .
officials from the city government urged citizens to take care of the city residents , and not to go out before the rain is slowing down , so as to safeguard their own security .
the rain was slightly over yesterday , most of the regions in the northern edge were flooded today .
the floods in india have nearly 500 lives
according to reports by officials and media , india 's national economic losses in the past five years have climbed to 4-4 due to heavy rain .
the indian news trust quoted the government 's chief responsible for reconstruction and development kaddan , as saying today that the indian provinces have recently entered the garbage , casualties and economic losses in various parts of india , and only the first province of india 's richest city , the province of martin , where the number of deaths has reached 3:00 .
the report said that qidan was a " person " who made the above remarks when inspecting his feet .
he said : at the same time , india 's largest cotton producing province , the indian ocean , is a vast expanse of the vast territory , with 27 towns and towns suffering from serious water pollution , exceeding 10,000 disaster victims being safely detained .
india has been moving toward the north from the south , and it has entered the dominance of various provinces one week ago . residents of india have been greeting with their long - standing drought and their spirit of being wet . however , they have not expected the rainy situation to be so fertile . the highway has been falling into a low - lying area . the water is not exhausted . traffic conditions are not exhausted .
the winbrick of the world 's first open , the georgian - brown discarded , nadal , entered the finals .
the spanish divine heavenly king nardanes today started a new round of the war on the divine poles in the vanbutter - 4 tenkovic race . the belovic race is redrawn due to the failure to fight back , the marble marion marion marion , and will compete with the world champion of the french king trumpeter duardo in the final match against the tiger lyryan .
in his 16 th match , georgovic had won the first place in the competition .
the fourth seed georgovic quit the game , which was three - six - 0 above the second seed , one leading .
apart from the cause of the competition at the beginning , nazarbag was caught in the first set under a single break . in addition , the two matches were both in the lead .
the satellite shows that iran 's tunnels are afraid of protecting nuclear weapons
the us think tank 's science and international security institute reported today that commercial satellites revealed that iran is currently building a new radar station near the nazis uranium enrichment facility , and may be using nuclear equipment to protect when the air attack is going .
these things are all made from the united states ' calculation of the earth ( itarized be ) on june 11 , and are published on the science and international security research institute website .
the institute is located in washington , providing a non - profit research group .
masks show that the only one kilometer south of the natanz facility is moving along the mountain to carry out road construction , and the facility is a uranium enrichment factory .
analysts o ' esteem and bruce pointed out in a report that the entrance of the tuitube tunnel is not clear , but the tracks seem to be connected to a tunnel facility , and the other road may also be the access to the tunnel .
they said : a small tree is covered in the mountain and will be destroyed by air raids .
un envoy calls for tough talks on iran 's nuclear issue
the united nations international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) said here today that it is " very important " to work for a new solution to the deadlock in iran 's nuclear program .
however , iranian president ahmadinejad has increased pressure on the united nations to further impose sanctions , and he is still stubbornly resisting it .
the two sides agreed that iran would not stop its uranium enrichment activities , but welcomed the latest talks .
he said : the extravagant slackening of the extravagant is an issue of implementation , but no one should expect that we will give up our rights , and we will not stop this trend .
he was the first to announce this new statement after khinin arrived in luge .
the purpose of this trip is to formulate a set of plans to resolve the nuclear issue that iran has triggered from its nuclear program .
the united nations has not been able to freeze uranium enrichment work , and has already imposed two sets of sanctions on iran .
the report from iran news agency says that haiinin and iran 's national security supreme council ( nsr ) are in charge of international affairs , headed by assistant president wadi .
the iranian delegation also includes deputy chairman of the iaea , seddi , and ambassador to the iaea , jean - claude soiner .
the palestinian prime minister fattad will form a new government in the period .
the palestinian authorities have been holding a " peace mission " in the gaza strip for one month after the start of the march of the bell , and prime minister fattan has temporarily resigned , but they are immediately ordered to take charge of the new government .
the minister of agriculture and social affairs , hashbahrain , told afp that prime minister fahd bakbar fahd had presented his resignation to the president and accepted the chairmanship . at the same time , he also asked him to take charge of the new cabinet government which is currently in charge of handling routine government affairs .
abbas 's masquimi told afp that fyade had presented his resignation , while abbas ordered him to carry out his current duties until he was born in a new government .
the respected economist , fattard , has submitted his resignation only as a procedural request and will not shake his prime minister 's position .
france and yade have led the palestinian emergency cabinet since 17 november last year to carry out abbas 's violent act announced after the start of the gaza strip .
according to the basic law of the palestinian autonomous government , without the approval of the parliament , it cannot be over 30 days , but the current self - government council is in a state of paralysis .
the power of the emergency government has expired today .
wto representative calls for new case to break deadlock in doha round talks
the wto chief negotiator today proposed that the united states substantially cut subsidies to agriculture , and the developing countries substantially cut import tariffs to break the doha round of trade talks .
the official said that the new pattern of the development of the rice industry requires that the united states lower its annual subsidies from the 1-2 - billion u s dollars allowed by the united states , and that the developed countries reduce the import tariffs on industrial products to the below .
these proposals were aimed at breaking the deadlock in the doha round of talks over the past six years and facilitating the conclusion of a compromise agreement between wto members .
wto secretary general says these proposals are the most important and balanced among the goals , and the goal is to be reached as the guide for development .
lamy said : the contents of the proposal will not be completely satisfied , but the problem of disagreements at present is less than the problem of obtaining consensus .
he called for conducting intensive negotiations in the next few weeks .
the impact of strong earthquake on the production of the japanese auto plant or the sunset of the sunset
japan 's strong earthquake hit the richter scale this week , causing a shortage of parts , the sunset , and other automobiles manufacturers said today that they would even suspend domestic car production .
japan 's economy is hit by a 6.8 - magic shock of the richter scale , and the polaria microchip manufacturers , therefore , are forced to suspend the operation of the tokyo - based plant and affect the production of the car factory .
the world 's most popular car dealer , a female spokesperson , said that between tonight and 21 may , domestic automobile production will be suspended .
a japanese spokesman said that the japanese government had decided to sell the japanese products to japan from the 23 rd day .
he said that both factories have two sets of flax , one of which will be affected , but the company may increase its wheelchair next month to make up for the progress of production .
suzuki said that the three - day suspension of some production will be suspended from tomorrow , and japan 's richest auto corporation will also suspend production of small cars starting tomorrow , and will assess the situation on the 21st .
but guy cars said that it is possible to suspend some of the leaning drip - up operations next week .
the earthquake caused at least 10 deaths and injuries to the body , and hundreds of houses were even more forced to stop the damaged factories .
and grabbed indonesia 's deregulation and sale of british bag
today , masayoshi said that , as the upsurge of hong kong 's purchase of goods started earlier this month , indonesia had canceled britain 's green - box sales .
the bus stop at the high - consumption zone of indonesia 's upper - consumption area , the responsible person of the department of economy , trade , and industry said : in view of the events in hong kong , we have canceled the market activities on the bag .
if the people want to have a new taiwan dollar 44.00 yuan ( about nt $ 44.) , then it will not have the value .
the hong kong people gathered outside the shop on the sixth to plan to buy the sunni luster from britain .
the environmental - friendly quality trump card is not expected to replace the thrut - shirt , but it has become a target between london and new york , triggering the purchase and auction of the website eyeah has already reached several times the price of the price of the price of the price .
the only company that has been sold in indonesia is the single parent of the united states , which has been unsure whether it will be sold after a few days .
the hostage crisis is a moment of the talks between south korea and japan .
afghan guerrilla organizations kidnapped 23 south korean hostages and set the deadline today , demanding south korea 's withdrawal from the country , or else will kill the hostages .
with the passing of time by one second , the situation has developed positive , south korean officials today started the first negotiations with the boarding organization .
however , at the same time , the organization said that the other kidnapped german hostages were very weak and started to fall into the limelight .
the montreal called on germany and south korea to withdraw their troops from afghanistan and called for the exchange of 33 guerrillas detained by the afghan government .
the spokesman for the al-amadi said in a telephone interview with afp that through the tribal elder , we have directly contacted the south korean representatives .
" the two sides hope that the talks will yield results , " amadeh said .
they set local time evening ( at 10.30 pm taiwan time ) , and the deadline for killing south korean hostages once the time is passed .
the two - stage extension period has been extended .
disputes over sea areas cannot be settled through joint military talks between the two koreas
because of the fact that the boundaries of the sea are divided into different lines , the three - day high - level military talks between the south and the north koreas were dispersed in great disagreements today .
in border cities , talks were held today , and the final day of the talks was held . north korean chief representative kim jung - chol said : we will conclude the conclusion that we will no longer need the talks that have no results .
it is a clear - cut face .
he pointed out that the northern threshold is not legal .
the northern edge belt in the edge of the mouth of the red army was only opened to the us military after the korean war in 1953 . the north korea refused to recognize it in recent years .
north korea said south korea had illegally entered the waters , causing tension , and south korea said the accusation was groundless .
the local waters clashed in june 1999 , killing dozens of north korean crews .
in june 2002 , there was a further outbreak of similar clashes , and six south koreans were unfortunate .
us treasury secretary visits china to environmental protection and exchange rate
us treasury secretary powell arrived in china yesterday for a visit . the united states is trying its best to persuade china to further carry out the necessary economic reform and environmental protection work , especially the topics of the renminbi exchange rate which have attracted much attention .
us diplomats said that powell first visited china 's northwest provinces , qinghai , and hubei province .
china is currently the largest in the world , the largest lakes lake , and is carrying out a series of environmental plans .
baucusen today transferred to beijing to discuss with chinese officials in charge of the promotion of the strategic economic dialogue between the united states and china initiated last year .
the sino - us strategic economic dialogue is mainly focused on economic issues , such as environmental protection , and the most important thing is the renminbi exchange rate issue . us congressmen believe that the renminbi is overestimating .
the us - china trade deficit is rapidly rising , and pressure within the united states is gradually rising , and congressmen are prepared to take retaliatory actions to counter their so - called china unfair trade policy .
last week , the us senate finance committee passed a bill by an overwhelming majority , demanding that the treasury department point out that the money exchange rate is basically the overestimation of the countries , and open the door for potential economic sanctions against beijing .
us congressmen said that the renminbi undervalued , which has caused the price of chinese goods to be sold to the united states to be extremely tight , exacerbated the trade imbalance between the united states and china . last year , the us trade deficit with china reached $ 2.5 - billion .
mumiou is firmly tied to the world 's first world soccer league , which is 60 years old .
beginning from the beginning of the game , mousio has always been the media 's topic of discussion in the future , but as in the past , the portuguese once again stressed that he would stay in west london this summer .
some newspapers listed 14 named masanjia , the new handcushion , but i will stay in the west , and the martin belovia .
mousnio reiterated that he hopes that the portuguese team will be picked up on one day , and i really want to stick to the stick , and i believe that the portuguese football association will always hope to hire me as the main marshal on one day .
however , 44 - year - old moody does not intend to make a contribution to soccer , and he said he would retire 60 years old . he did not want to be like bobby rojo and frigen to the old age .
i have already made a promise to my wife , i will not be like robert and frigen , and i have been teaching it until 70 years old .
mousio has reached the age of 60 . i want to completely control the soccer monument .
i cannot do too much things that i cannot do now .
i do n't want to be a soccer adviser or a technical director , such as bardano or saaki .
i do n't want to play this role .
i do n't want to become the chairman of a club , i just want to completely take soccer , mike moio stressed .
( qi liang )
cao shengsheng , wang bing , a soldier in the daniel mountain village of hongdong in shanxi ,
china news service , in july , has been closely watching the public . today , the first - instance judgment of the linfen city intermediate people 's court concluded on the case of cao shengjun , wang bing , a black - and - mouth , in guangxi township , honggyang county , shanxi .
many domestic media have been paying attention to the progress of the case .
because the relevant local departments were rather cautious , some reporters were unable to enter the scene for interviews .
at present , the bell is still in progress .
according to the trial of the linfen city intermediate court , if it is smoothly completed , the trial will end on that day .
but can you pronounce the verdict in court ?
at about 9 : 00 am , a reporter noticed that the outside scene of the gate of the linfen city intermediate people 's court was calm and moving .
perhaps , the court 's ongoing activities are uncommon .
when you reach , you will have the result , and believe that the law is fair .
a person who has travelled here looked at the national emblem and spoke himself .
before this , there was news in hongdong county that the father of the accused wang bing bing was wang dongzhi , the former secretary of the party branch of zhangang village , was dismissed from his post as county people 's congress deputy in accordance with the law .
earlier , wang dongji was arrested for being caught by wang bing in the dark slopes of the edge in the case of wang bing 's arms . he was removed from his post as secretary of the village party branch and expelled from the party .
the " blue ridge " in shanxi , a ditch that caused by the wang bing ditch case , has aroused attention at home and abroad . the central authorities ' high - level instructions were made to be investigated .
the dprk and the rok have reached a consensus on developing light industry and underground resources
chinanews . com , july 8 .
the dprk and the rok held talks on 7 july on cooperation in the development of light industry and underground resources .
according to the agreement , south korea will provide the dprk with raw materials for the production of such light industrial products as clothing and others . for this , north korea will grant some of its power to develop light industrial products to south korea .
according to a report by japan 's release association , the rok and the dprk conducted a joint study on the development of light industry and underground resources in kaesong within three days , and finally reached an agreement .
according to the agreement , south korea will provide the dprk with clothing , shoes , and soap raw materials , with a total value of 93.8 yen .
the dprk will consider the three big blocks of exploitation in the country to south korea .
the rok government will start a three - day inspection of the turbulence from inchawon port in the west on july 25 to deliver the first batch of contracted materials to the dprk .
according to the plan , the rok and the dprk will jointly launch a survey on eastern dprk from 28 july .
the rok government started to start to start the construction of a 400,000 - ton - metre - aid program to the dprk .
after the dprk indicated its willingness to actively carry out the agreements reached by the six countries , including closing nuclear facilities , the dprk - rok economic cooperation has again become active .
the lanzhou commodities bureau issued an explanation on the limit of the cow 's flesh , only because of the excessively high price increase .
china news net , lanzhou , 10 july ( huang party )
this afternoon , the lanzhou commodities bureau invited relevant departments to conduct a public forum on the issue of the price limit of the flesh .
at the press conference , the press learned that the departments including the luke commodities bureau and other departments jointly issued a maximum price limit , mainly because the price of the bulk flour has increased too much and the people 's capacity to bear it is higher .
it is learned that the price of the cow meat rose to 20 percent this year , and statistics show that the price of the cow flesh in lanzhou rose for the first time since the 1980 's .
" the government 's behavior is to consider the interests of the local common people , and we have to pay the highest price to be determined through cost - investigation , " said the director of the lanzhou city commodities bureau .
on 26 february , the lanzhou city bureau of bureau of bureau of industry and commerce , and other departments jointly imposed the highest price on the flesh - and - blood prices . the news revealed that it triggered strong concern .
it is learned that the forum was aimed at extensively soliciting opinions from various circles and soliciting opinions and suggestions for the specific measures for taiwan 's future steps , and it is also disclosed that lanzhou will hold a news conference tomorrow .
this will be the first case in lanzhou city in which the price increase was in the flesh .
the china association for promoting development : stop activities for three months
chinanews . com , july 11 according to information from the legend website , on july 9 , the council for promoting development in china has been given a three - month administrative penalty for the halt of activities .
the punishment order shows that the china association for promoting development in the region is following unlawful acts : one single threshold is collected , two mechanics use the same old hand to collect other fees from non - member units .
after investigation , the standard for the membership of the units is 21,000 yuan per year , from june to february 2007 , it has reached the goal of developing the total number of units from more than 20 units , and apart from the fact that one member received 2000 yuan from the same unit , the other one collected the cost from the same unit . in the process , the cost of collecting over 80 yuan each year was 80 yuan , and the fees collected from the management of the organizations that contain the
according to the " regulations on registration and management of social organizations , " section 1 , item 1 , item 8 , of the " regulations on registration of social organizations , " the ruling party has given a three - month administrative penalty for stopping activities within the specified period , and has sealed up the items in accordance with the law .
the rok government hopes to speed up the process of denuclearization of the peninsula through the six - party talks
chinanews . com , july 12 - according to a report by the korean news agency , the rok government is very concerned about the meeting of the heads of the delegations to the six - party talks to be held in beijing on the 18th .
a spokesman for the rok ministry of foreign affairs and trade issued a commentary on 12 june , saying : we hope that the six - party talks will conclude the initial stage measures as soon as possible and carry out the next phase measures , and also hold concrete and substantive plans for the six - party talks , thus speeding up the process of denuclearization of the korean peninsula .
the commentary also said that as the core of the dprk nuclear issue , the chinese government will make unremitting efforts to achieve the nuclear - free korean peninsula at a rapid pace and will work with the relevant countries to cooperate closely with each other in this regard .
officials revealed that the beijing olympics is expected to create the largest number of countries and regions participating in the games .
chinanews . com , july 16 .
xinhua news agency , beijing olympic organizing committee deputy director wang shiilin disclosed on 14 june that the beijing olympic organizing committee will submit a report to the international olympic committee next month on the participation of the 205 olympic committee members .
he said that if there is no accident , the beijing olympics will be the most important international olympic games in history .
the report said that from 10 to 12 april , wang shiilin delivered a speech on behalf of the beijing olympic organizing committee to the pan - american sports organization conference on the preparations for the beijing olympics , including the construction of the information - based communications facilities , etc.
wang shih - lin said : all members of the pan - american sports organization have shown great enthusiasm for participating in the beijing olympics . all 42 members have confirmed that they will attend the olympic games in beijing next month .
it is learned that at the current meeting , the international olympic committee will , together with the beijing olympic committee , formally invite the ioc 205 members ' olympic committee to participate in the turbulence olympics .
( gao peng , yang lemin )
wang yan ' insists ' on stool - stool - stool - mask ' to resume ' two - level '
wang yan has already been able to sit on the stool , but he still cannot be too long and she will feel dizzy . yesterday , wu xilong , director of the zhejiang sports bureau , told this reporter .
the injured wang yan had been injured in the match . among them , left and right top stoves were recovered and more than 10 days ago , increasing the number of black - cap .
this month wang yan started his stunt from the sixth shanghai hospital ( the heavy disease ward ) , and she turned right upper limb muscles into 2 to 3 , left limitations and muscles at 1 .
in the past half a month , wang yan 's upper limb muscles have already improved further .
doctor wang yan 's muscle has reached four levels and above , more than the normal 5 th level . left hand - hand muscles are also above 3 degrees .
in other words , in less than half a month , wang yan 's upper limb muscles resumed their appearance in the upper limbs .
former guy wang yan had already been able to get a good hand in the bed with the help of the doctor .
hospital rehabilitation experts originally planned to let wang yan be in the bed of recovery beds last week .
however , according to wang yan 's recovery at the present stage , the training on the refreshment of the area was temporarily postponed .
wu xilong said : wang yan 's current tempering is mainly based on the stick , and she can still sit on the stool , but it is still not too long .
venezuelan president says that a big cut in wages of senior civil servants
chinanews , july 23 . the venezuelan president has made a comprehensive report on venezuela 's domestic and foreign policies on the 22nd .
he said that substantial reduction in wages for senior civil servants .
he also said that if foreigners attack the venezuelan government , they will face serious consequences and be expelled .
the government officials have been ordered to closely monitor the statements made by foreigners during their visit to venezuela , and they have found that anyone publicly criticized him or the venezuelan government and would expel him .
he made a speech on the evening of 22 july , saying that venezuela could not tolerate foreigners running around to the home and pointed the feet .
in his speech , he also pointed out that substantial reduction in wages for senior civil servants would be made .
he said that the salaries of public servants in venezuela cannot exceed us dollars per month .
it is learned that in venezuela , the monthly income of some poor people is equivalent to us dollars .
in latin american countries , the action to cut civil servants ' wages has become a common practice and has won the support of the broad masses of the people .
peru , leaders of countries like the montreal , etc. have all reduced their salaries .
guy also said that cuban leaders reminded him to pay attention to the actions commanded by the us side .
he said that carter presented him a us central gift , which read the " memoir " of the head of the us central intelligence agency . please look at the various kinds of information about the cia .
the " three - step " steering process ended yesterday , with the temporary punishment given by mai kaikai .
beijing time last night , the international auto movement council held a hearing on the special hearing on the french - speaking technological espionage case , and the summoned mai kitty escaped a robbery : the council decided not to punish mai kailoong for the time being .
the ipu 's official website issued a statement after the hearing : " the world 's freest economy is in the hands of martin mikendas , but there is no sufficient evidence to show that these materials are being used in the locality at the ipu level in the world championship , and therefore will not be punished .
however , the french - speaking technology espionage case has not been included in the bill .
the council of the motor vehicle movement also said in this decision : if the trans - saari concerned find relevant information for ferrari is used to damage the championships , we have the right to request markon to return to the hearing of the board of the automobile movement . they may face the penalty of being lifted by 2007 , or even 2008 , as the qualification for contests . at that time , the + it will be canceled .
the number of people who have been suspended from their posts , mclick cott , former designer of the maikay wheel , was found to have nearly 800 pages of technical documents , including the design of ferrari 2007 vehicle , the construction of the engine , testing , development , and operation of the series .
the three - day sailing of the england coke was not known by other people . mai kaijiarong did not have any legal larley .
china 's npc vice - chairman meets japanese guests
experts believe that insurance is a short - term problem that will not divide the domestic capital .
chinanews . com , july 30 .
according to a report by china securities news , the " provisional procedures on the management of investment outside the insurance capital " have been promulgated recently , and insurance funds have a broader space for the use of the capital market .
the chief investment officer of china 's auto - holding company , liu lefei , believes that the appreciation of the renminbi and the good domestic capital market will not be invested in foreign exchange in the short term , which means that insurance investment in foreign countries will not divert domestic stock funds in the short term .
the report said that many insurance institutions hold the same viewpoint .
experts said that since there is no single renminbi market at present , insurance institutions are not sufficiently capable of evading risks , the timing for large - scale purchase of foreign exchange is not yet ripe .
liu lefei said : in the long run , investment abroad should be within the overall distribution of insurance companies .
however , in view of the current great pressure of appreciation of the rmb , china will mainly use its own foreign exchange funds to invest overseas .
the government will also conduct a survey on foreign exchange purchase and investment in the country .
( shang you )
china 's total loss of $ 52.5 - billion in flood prevention and drought control
this reporter learned from the national general headquarters for flood prevention and drought control that by july , the whole country had suffered from drought by 118 million mu , of which 54.14 million mu were damaged , 1.19 million people were affected , and 45.3 percent of the houses were damaged because of the disaster , and the direct economic losses were 52.5 billion yuan .
the total area of farmland affected by drought is 140 - billion mu , with a population of 148 - billion mu , and the trend of the trend of the trend of the trend of the trend of the trend of the trend of the times .
in july , the state flood prevention and drought control headquarters , in view of the current grim situation in flood prevention and drought control , made an emergency plan .
the meeting called on all provinces along the huai he and the general headquarters to strengthen their efforts to guard against the flood and seize the momentum in the flood prevention .
the state flood prevention headquarters and the agricultural sector have dispatched three work teams to tackle the flood prevention and drought - stricken areas respectively .
at present , the work of flood prevention and control is being carried out in an intense and orderly manner , with the red - sunny river in the huaihe river also throwing into the flood , and the three parts of henan province are now in the state of the three provinces of jiangsu .
the two sides have no big danger .
the heilongjiang province , including huanyou , jiangxi , and other provinces , started an emergency response to the drought , and the drought - relief work is being carried out in an intense and orderly manner .
the chinese government has decided to set up a working group to promote the development of the western region .
chen shui - bian secretly criticized the taiwan " judicial yuan " for getting involved in the election and denied and demanded that it be interpreted .
china news service , july 30 chen shui - bian questioned the taiwan judicial personnel 's attempt to get involved in the election of the leader of the taiwan area on july 30 .
the administration of taiwan 's judicial organs has been very popular with the government on the same day . the current performance of the judges on the island is not in keeping with chen shui - bian 's remark , and it also demands chen shui - bian to interpret his statement .
according to reports in taiwan 's " troika , " chen shui - bian questioned the prosecutor or the investigator of the judge , who had been involved in the affair due to political factors or elections , and even attempted to influence the election activities of candidates of various parties on 30 may . he said he hoped that this phenomenon would not exist in taiwan , but it was very difficult .
in view of chen shui - bian 's query , taiwan judicial detroit has not responded to the call of the communist party of taiwan , and the speech made by the secretary general of taiwan 's communist party of china , the supreme court , is not in favor of the taiwan independence party .
kao kongzhi said that taiwan 's fundamental laws and the code of ethics for judges all declared that judges should go beyond the party , and they should not take part in any party activities , nor can they attend any party activities . judges are very cautious in observing relevant restrictions . judges believe that judges in the judicial court are very good .
gao jinzhi pointed out that the high court of the kaohsiung divine status was a few years ago when he took part in the caidan school course , which was a self - discipline committee composed of judges because the relevant courses had a color of political parties .
zhang shengxi once wanted to take part in the dpp 's seat , but also decided to give up because he took the seat in the election .
gao jinzhi believes that if the trial of a case is conducted in a case , it will not be done in a single case according to the outcome of the verdict alone , but will prefer that a judge has other political intentions .
germany to lower import threshold for professional talent
the report of this newspaper , berlin , 1 july ( reporter wang huaicheng )
german education minister shaukat saya said recently that germany should lower its " capitalist law " and impose restrictions on foreign professionals . by increasing their input into foreign countries , germany should solve the problem of professional talent .
according to the oecd report , germany is 15 to 64 years old , and the number of labor will decrease year by year .
if there is no sufficient emigration , germany 's labor force will be reduced by 6 percent compared to the present .
however , the german federation of employers and the german engineers association reported that in germany 's current labor market , engineers are relatively strong .
the german labor agency said that the german labor market was expected to increase by 2-3 percent in may this year , compared with 1-2 - million in 1994 .
in order to protect their own employment , germany has set a higher threshold for bringing in foreign talent .
the german " troika law " stipulates that non - eu countries ' professionals are not in favor of the euro in germany , unless they are allowed to work in germany and have residence permit .
sha wan suggested reducing this limit to the present of the euro .
we should not blindly stick to the theory of superstition and law .
the draft amendment to the law on lawyers , which was submitted to the npc standing committee for examination and approval , stipulates that professional work , such as teaching by law , and who has a senior professional standard , such as either advanced or similar , and who has applied for the law enforcement profession , may be approved by the judicial administrative department of the state council and be granted to the law enforcement agency .
( " china 's breast " ) " 28 june
in the legal field , there are theoretical circles and the boundaries of the real - world business , and the former mainly includes legal teaching and research work , and the latter are mostly engaged in litigation , legal services , and other specific behavior .
for a long time , the legal circles have developed and developed the legal system , and the legal system has developed side by side .
the division of labor is not a matter of legal importance .
however , the " law of lawyers " contains a single - handed legal system , which objectively recognizes the inherent law and the inherent law .
in fact , some people engaged in the theory of the legal system , international laws , and other purely research and teaching , and their theoretical origins are also closely related to the law .
in this way , the legal status of the legal status of the western monopoly industry has undoubtedly opened a very bad state of the legal status .
we must not be blindly optimistic about the theoretical circles , but rather have superstitious ideas , such as experts and scholars , will often affect the phenomenon of rejecting court decisions , and will also directly manifest this superstition .
china - funded ships are encouraged to hoist up ships
the pla daily news reporter feng
from the state council 's perspective , the state council 's press conference , which will be implemented on 1 july this year , china will implement a special registration policy for international shipping ships . china will encourage chinese - funded ships that hoisted foreign vessels to return to china to register and obtain registration of the chinese - funded ships and obtain the status of the prc as a password .
in order to further promote the healthy development of china 's maritime industry and to strengthen china 's maritime industry , it is necessary to conduct registration and display the foreign flag operations of a considerable number of ships engaged in international navigation , the ministry of communications recently issued the " circular on the registration policy for international shipping ships in china " , which gives the notice that the special registration policy for the implementation of the chinese - funded international shipping special shipping project is covered by the special registration policy . the application procedures are clear
the applicant can choose shanghai 's lujiuji port to register ships for the ship .
britain lowers terrorist attack
london , 5 jul ( wen wei po ) -- on 5 july ,
the british government has cut its horse level from the highest level to the serious side , and this indicates that the terrorist attacks in britain will not break out , but the attacks are still extremely likely .
british police are now investigating the case to india and australia .
the eight terrorists arrested were all detained in the medical system , and the government would conduct a comprehensive investigation on the background of incoming immigrants working in the medical system .
it is learned that nearly one - third of the people working in the british public medical system are qualified to get medical treatment overseas .
the prime minister also called for setting up a framework for high - tech immigrants , and employers or relevant organizations will be asked to provide information on the background of this .
do n't let the business people get impatient .
the tourism map is a slack of the bottom of the ocean and the natural beings of the society are enjoyed to the greatest extent .
it can travel in china , and many people have encountered such worry . in the final game , the belt is surrounded and pursued by the sellers and intermediary businesses .
whether it is a car or a train , the upper parts of the car will always be run by small dealers and some intermediary organs without license .
it is not a selling out of the breast of the breast , that is , selling newspapers and magazines , and then introducing many without - license intermediary parts , even using false information , etc.
if you do not accept it , he can chase you several hundred meters , and if you are not successful , then you will become benevolent .
in some areas , many things are also equally felt .
if you do not enter the gate , someone will come from the bottom of the ocean and the small , the things .
after entering the gate , this situation is even more , and if the good yaxing is also confused , it will be blamed for the situation .
there was a media report that many foreign tourists in xian were extremely unhappy about the monarchy in xian , but they were not allowed to have more pet petty hawkers .
these include the windows of the wind and the wind , which are the same as the past and the present , and the areas in which the wind belts and the wind belt are all developed in an orderly and harmonious manner , and provide a quiet and quiet environment .
the freedom of the commercial and sales businesses has been confused and not to mention the slightest worry . objectively , they have undermined the public order of these kinds and formed the pollution and environmental pollution . at the same time , they have provided conditions and opportunities for the appearance of these things .
what is important is that these are the windows and gaps for the building of the local spiritual civilization , and the damaged ones are not just an image issue , but will also have an impact on local economic development .
just think , if you want to be a strong tourist industry , you use this kind of irregular tourist environment to welcome the guests from the south and the north , who will dare to come ?
your tourism economy can achieve results ?
as tourism is coming , it will bring a large number of tourist attractions to the north of the tiannan area .
it is not market , and the operation of pet hawker should be standardized , and the business without license should be resolutely abolished , and illegal activities should be resolutely cracked down on .
a civilized and orderly environment can allow the people to be happy and to return to the motherland , and be reborn .
in one word , it is not easy to let the business dealers come .
the award of the honor of the party on its own initiative
the construction of the dongcheng district in beijing has used the issuance of electric shoe and other products as a rewarding to 12 households who voluntarily reimbursed their houses .
( " xin jing bao " ) 10 july
this writer has felt happy about the improvement of family life , but has taken the initiative to keep the upper hand , and has also adopted the method of giving awards to the poor , but this is a complex mood .
deputy director of the jiaoji neighborhood office said that , in view of the problem of deception and protection , encouraging active reimbursement is the model for other low - income households .
if this model is to encourage other low - security personnel to extricate themselves from the predicament through their own efforts , it is indeed worth advocating , and if it is to stimulate the long - term cheating of low - security personnel , it is not easy to be infant .
in terms of differentiation and clearance of low - income households , more reliance is on the law .
relevant departments should strengthen the management of the minimum guarantee for the minimum allowable income of households to be performed by the households concerned : if they promptly report on the changes in the family members and income , report on the employment situation , and accept reexamination on a regular basis , the departments concerned should intensify supervision and inspection .
after all , only by returning from the rule of law will it be a long - term plan .
the street will be closed for repayment of the pension given to the families who have been given a single item .
as a first - level government organization , the street 's expenditure is borne by financial appropriations .
and taxpayers ' money should not be spent ?
on the one hand , the number of households withdrawing from the low - security system proves that they have the ability to independently control themselves and that on the other hand , are those applying for low - security personnel not still present ?
the money - saving government has to be called a donation fund , and should be sent in the snow , instead of a golden flower .
liu is willing to be a service provider .
on 10 july , the first public - promotion town , named masanu , was unpopular in the new guiyang district , the fourth time since taking office , has accepted democracy and achieved a high rate of 97.7 percent .
when reporters met with liu cong - yi , liu cong - yi was identified as a player .
( the " xin jing bao " yesterday )
liu conyi 's belly service may be more than some of the cadres appointed by the system , and may be more true than those who appointed cadres .
compared with the system of directly - elected appointment , the most important thing is that the former is the power source determined by ordinary party members , and the latter is mainly appointed by higher - level organizations , and the direction of the source of power , and the former has decided that the former must be held in the first place to the people .
the source of power and the responsibility for whom to be held responsible are the fundamental factors determining how the person elected will carry out his work .
some people doubt the democratic character of this kind , like a single piece of democratic show .
my view is that there is such a democratic form of state , which is better than it .
considering the fact that china 's grassroots democratic political construction is in the process of being carried out in a direct manner , i believe that the open - door election is a major breakthrough , and democracy is an important component . it should not be underestimated to promote the building of grass - roots democratic politics .
india is expected to elect the first female president analysts to be elected , while female voters hope to raise their status as women .
on 23 june , parouting was in front of the presidential candidate document .
the curtain of the indian presidential election was raised on 19 april . the new president will resign in the presidential election after current vice president shaukat carat and former president of the lajasat state richard paraguay .
the masanjia is the first female presidential candidate in the history of india . if she is elected , she will become the first female president of india .
paragiang is the presidential candidate of the ruling national congress party , and shevardnadze comes from the opposition people 's party .
because the national congress party occupies a dominant position in the presidential election group , the media and the public are all very likely to win the election .
pager , 72 , is a female governor of the state of jasarasari .
she 's a bar , and her experience is very rich in her own hands when she was the leader of the rajasthan bang .
she also devoted herself to social welfare , and she was a member of the honorary chairman of many cultural institutions and social welfare organizations .
analysts pointed out that the reason why parameters became a candidate is because she always stands at the side of india 's national congress party chairman sonia gandhi .
in india , the gandhi clan has long controlled the ruling national congress party .
paragibea was supported by a large number of female voters . the female voters believe that pariton is discriminating against the female population 's serious concept of monstral indian women and elevating the status of women .
the constitution stipulates that india is a federal state , and the president is the head of state and the head of state in the name of the president , and does not represent any party organization , and more is a symbol .
( yan yingguan )
the united states supports the palestinian government 's expulsion of extremist elements .
washington , 22 jul ( wen wei po ) -- the first of its kind in the world is the new york times .
us president bush said on 21 may that the united states will go all - out to support the pakistani government in moving the arc and the ultra - leaf extremists from the border between pakistan and afghanistan .
bush said at a weekly radio address that according to the new us intelligence , the us bases are in pakistan and afghanistan , and the us forces are in the state of security .
he said he was extremely worried about this .
bush said that the united states will continue to support pakistani president musharraf , and believes musharraf will uphold the struggle with the bases and armed elements .
the " national intelligence assessment " recently published by the united states pointed out that muslim armed organizations are particularly the underdeveloped , bogus , and arid organizations , which still pose a threat to the united states .
musharraf said in a meeting with some leaders of the northern region of pakistan last september that the two sides should guard against the influence of the sunflower and the belt .
the leaders of these tribes do not want or have no ability to maintain the security of the region .
bush said in his speech on the pre - recorded system that musharraf is taking active steps to correct this mistake .
the united states hopes that the dprk nuclear issue agreement will be fully implemented
washington , 24 jul ( wen wei po ) -- the first of its kind in the world ,
us assistant secretary of state john massey on the nuclear issue christopher hill , chief representative of the us side , said on 23 march that the six - party talks on the dprk nuclear issue held last week were extremely important , and the first time the meeting made a real progress , but this was only the initial stumbling of the implementation of the agreement .
the united states hopes very much that the " joint statement on 19 september " and " joint document on 13 september " on the settlement of the dprk nuclear issue can be fully implemented .
at a press conference that day , hiller said that in order to achieve the goal of thoroughly resolving the dprk nuclear issue , it is necessary for the dprk to declare its entire nuclear program by the end of this year and to achieve the function of its nuclear facilities .
he hoped that all parties concerned would fully fulfill the obligations of the six - party talks on the korean nuclear issue within a year .
hill also said that during the talks on security and energy issues , the united states , the dprk and japan working groups will also discuss the issues of the dprk - japan bilateral relations , which remain to be resolved .
the climate change has led to a rapid reduction of the glacier of alps .
the report by this newspaper , july of the trojan ( reporter liu jun )
swiss experts have been tracking and studying the gene for a long time , and have discovered that the glaciot of the glacier between 1850 and mike of switzerland is decreasing at an average annual rate of 33.0 percent .
the belly of the bell alone has made the alps a 1.88 percent melt .
experts believe that by the year 210,000 , if the global temperature increases by 3 or the glaciers is reduced by the current , it will be five or even one , and the glaciot will be completely thickened .
the acechelon is the longest glacier in europe , and is listed as the world 's wet world heritage list . however , it has been reduced by 100 meters in the year 2006 , and has been preserved in the throes .
the picture is the 23 - kilometer - long arch glacier .
liu jun .
the beijing olympics all depends on the development of the association for the promotion of civilized consumers .
beijing , 30 july ( jiefangjun bao )
reporter liang jie learned from the china consumer association that on 8 august , the olympic games held a countdown anniversary , which is about to be completed , and the beijing municipal consumer association , the china consumers association , the shanghai municipal consumer rights protection committee , the consumers ' association , the china consumers ' rights and interests association , and the hong kong consumer protection organization in the name of the six cities and one district consumer protection organization , issued a proposal to consumers : we display civilization , the city of china
the proposal proposes that from our side , enhance our awareness of the humanities , learn from the instrument , enhance civilization , put into practice civilized standards , observe society , and make a civilized consumer ;
enhance the awareness of the green olympics , protect the ecological environment , cherish the fruits , actively promote sustainable consumption , and be a consumer advocating green consumption ;
establish the awareness of being diligent and frugal , change the concept of consumption , blindly compete with each other , oppose extravagance and waste , and become a rational consumer with scientific consumption ;
we should enhance the awareness of protecting consumer rights , take the initiative in participating in social supervision , consciously respect intellectual property rights and correctly understand rights and obligations , and act as a rational consumer in accordance with the law .
advocate the spirit of belittling and the awareness of active participation , propagate the olympic concept , and become the disseminator of the olympic spirit .
the police ' " hong kong sky " was celebrating the 10 th anniversary of the return of hong kong .
on 1 july , the police of jinghai temple in nanjing was once again knocked down and started to fall on .
this thick historical resounding was made through tv series , which included the mainland and hong kong , the hearts of the people in nanjing and hong kong compatriots at this moment , together with the compatriots in hong kong , to celebrate the 10 th anniversary of hong kong 's return to the motherland .
in a single month of july 10 years ago , the bell tower of nanjing jinghai monastery recovered 155 alarm bell , and it was a shade of the history of hong kong island .
not a large sum of belts , people from all walks of life in nanjing have gathered together , saying that they should use their own power to always warn themselves and not forget history .
the bell of the alarm bell is 1.842 meters , and it is the start of the outbreak of the " nanjing treaty " in 1842 .
the shoulder is 1.997 metres and the shoulder is the last word of hong kong 's return .
the plan and the molecular mr wong explained that the government would take the lead in the development of the monument , and the entire bronze bell would use the high - embossed carving , two dragon - thrusting balls , symbolizing hong kong as the oriental pearl of the motherland , and the final design of the oriental flower flower flower flower flower flower flower in nanjing city as the symbol of the bell .
the first proposal to build the police seat in the democratic party in those years was to say , in general , the sense of belittling , and the return of hong kong to china has been 10 years ago . he hoped that hong kong would be able to be as bright as the sunshine tomorrow , not to cut off the momentum .
( end ) zhu xiaoying and liu yang
russia 's security agency accused the unitary oligarchy of " conspiring to start up the situation "
the russian oligarchs in exile in london , bergkov , announced on 2 july that the russian federal security agency had formally submitted a new charge to his litigants , accusing him of plotting to seize the power of russia by force .
bokov pointed out that during his visit to britain in april this year , beliyev announced that he would be preparing to launch the topical figure in russia and confirm that he is telling the right - wing elite representatives who oppose the authorities ' policies .
the russian federal security bureau 's reconnaissance office immediately carried out a special investigation on armed violence in accordance with the " 278 commandments of the russian federation criminal law " and formally submitted a report to the moscow safely ye court recently .
it is learned that in february 2006 , the russian federation procuratorate already made criminal charges against him . based on the same old tenure , which was confirmed in exile that he attempted to seize the russian regime by force .
the bel has been extradited abroad without extradition . in january 2007 , the russian side temporarily suspended the investigation of the case .
on 2 july , the moscow sayyaf court began to try another criminal case of exile - in - exile . the russian chief procuratorate accused perez wolfowitz of 214 - million rubles of russian airline company and money laundering 16 - million rubles . the court decided to postpone the hearing and start a court investigation on this matter until 12 july . the court will provide a national defense lawyer designated by the accused .
the two sides agreed that all these are things that are right and that they are not allowed to participate in their activities .
( bi yuan )
guangxi has been induced by the administrative efficiency monitoring of 619 people
since the beginning of this year , various localities and departments in guangxi have launched activities to change the work style of cadres and strengthen the administrative efficiency of organs , and have implemented the first system of investigating and affixing the responsibility for the three systems of the " three - item system " and the key examination and approval departments directly under the autonomous region have been incorporated into the supervision network of administrative efficiency .
as of now , 619 people have been held accountable .
on 5 july , the discipline inspection commission of guiji autonomous region learned that currently , guangxi has preliminarily established a supervisory work network for administrative efficiency in autonomous regions , strengthened supervision over key departments ' responsibilities , and all 14 cities ' electronic supervision systems have been established and linked with the autonomous region .
the autonomous region 's electronic monitoring system for administrative efficiency directly links to the 33 key autonomous regions directly under the jurisdiction of the autonomous region , which involve the investment environment and the production and living of the people , to further regulate the behavior of examination and approval and to improve the efficiency of examination and approval .
at the same time , discipline inspection and supervision organs at all levels in guangxi have seriously investigated and dealt with cases involving the harm of work style and the harm of the interests of the masses . at present , they have investigated and verified 113 pieces of arid parts , investigated 769 pieces , and held accountable the 619 units of 584 units .
wu guanzheng , member of the standing committee of the cpc committee and secretary of the discipline inspection commission of the cpc central committee , said on 5 may that supervision of administrative efficiency is a work that has always been accompanied by administrative activities and should gradually form a long - term mechanism .
guangxi should further improve and standardize all kinds of loopholes in administrative management , establish and improve the working mechanism and support mechanism for monitoring administrative efficiency , and include the effective supervision into the systemic orbit , further standardize the supervisory and inspection procedures , improve the mechanism for handling complaints and the mechanism for assessing the results of the performance evaluation , and intensify the investigation of responsibility , so as to ensure the implementation of the first accountability system and the system for closing the time with a strict accountability system .
the united states and japan have signed a joint communique on the establishment of a new international political and economic order .
nato does not rule out the possibility of cooperating with the united states on the abm issue .
nato information officer jean - claude manso said in an exclusive interview with xinhua on 9 may that the possibility of linking the us anti - missile system with the nato 's own defense system does not exclude the possibility of it .
simona de manso said nato is currently studying the us abm program and hopes that the us anti - missile base will cover all european allies .
she said that nato has its own theater missile defense system and has started discussions on the establishment of a strategic missile defense system , and has linked the us anti - missile system to nato 's own defense system .
she also said that the issue of the us establishment of an anti - ballistic missile system in europe will be promptly exchanged with russia through various channels .
the chinese government has decided to set up a special administrative region ( sar ) government in the country 's capital , according to a press release issued by the ministry of foreign affairs .
two jordanian people were arrested for plotting attacks on americans
two jordanian men arrested for plotting attacks on the americans in jordan were sentenced by the jordan national security court on 11 november .
the two men , aged 25 , were a baby girl .
the court said that hotarar was also charged with illegally holding the stick , and police discovered a motorized infantry gun when searching for him .
the court had decided to sentence hu - ri to life imprisonment , and later considered a single chance to change his predicament to him for eight years .
the indictment said that the two defendants decided to provide financial assistance to those americans who suffered humiliation and humiliation after the outbreak of the iraq war , and therefore planned to attack the americans living in jordan .
in august 2006 , they caught a female soldier named anmane in the capital of jordan , but after the attacks they had been arrested by the police .
there was no open letter of apology from the american people .
the indictment also accused the two defendants of attacking other americans , but did not reveal details .
the chinese delegation arrived here monday for a three - day visit .
the incident caused bad reactions in the number of reports .
according to a report by the us media on 15 june , the adverse reactions of the disease , such as the heart disease caused by the anti - diabetes , have recently shown a sharp upward trend in the united states .
the us food and drug administration issued a safety warning in may this year , suggesting diabetes patients to be cautious with the approach of using the bible as , because scientists published a research report on the " new drug journal " published on 21 may , saying that this glovetail dishes will greatly increase the incidence of the heart disease and the growth rate of the patients .
wen di 's influence was therefore influenced by the medical and patients .
the statistics show that about one month after the issue of safety warnings , the us pharmaceutical authority received 357 examples of malignant reactions , of which 38 were the death reports .
in january and february this year , the pmb received only 50 and 73 cases of non - performing reaction .
these bad responses are less than the bubble , weighing to the death of sudden heart disease .
however , the drug experts of the us pharmaceutical administration believe that the report on the insecurity of man diyamond is still in the early morning .
the authority will hold a press conference on the mandalay hearing on july 30 .
in 1999 , the imperia was a panic - shaped inheimer , applicable to treatment and diabetes .
there are about 6 million diabetes patients in the world or are taking the didiabetes .
wen di 's belly british graces has always believed that wen diego is safe and is very attractive to patients .
us wants to restart middle east peace process
us president bush delivered a speech in washington on 16 april , calling for a meeting this autumn to discuss the palestinian - israeli issue , and invited israel to hold a partial palestinian state and other relevant countries to participate in the process of restarting the middle east peace process .
on 17 july , bush called egyptian president mubarak , king hussein ii , and king of saudi arabia , respectively , demanding that they actively respond to the proposal and support abbas , chairman of the palestinian national authority , with practical actions , to help palestine and israel resume peace talks at an early date .
abbas said the plo central committee will discuss the issue of palestinian general elections ahead of schedule
the palestinian national authority chairman abbas said in ramallah on 18 november that the central committee of the palestinian liberation organization ( plo ) had held a two - day meeting on the same day to discuss the issue of holding an election of the palestinian national authority and the legislative council ahead of schedule .
abbas said in a meeting with eu foreign and security officials in the presidential palace in ramallah that the two sides should cooperate in the security field if the plo central committee makes a relevant decision , and the chairman will have the right to release the legitimate decoy order , which is soon announced .
at the same time , abbas expressed his satisfaction with the relationship between the palestinian national authority and the eu .
he said : the palestinian side welcomes the measures taken by the eu to the palestinian president 's office .
abbas urged eu to continue providing humanitarian aid to the palestinian people in gaza .
the two sides reiterated the eu 's support for abbas and the palestinian people .
he said : the middle east issue is related to the united nations , which is the united states and russia , and will hold a meeting on 19 february to discuss the question of restarting the middle east peace process . in the next few days , it may be proposed .
guy said that the eu holds a positive attitude toward the deployment of international forces in gaza , but it still needs to discuss with other parties , especially with the united nations .
the chinese government has decided to set up a special administrative region ( sar ) government in beijing on wednesday .
jiangxi will create a favorable environment for the rural health talent who have been born for 30 years .
for a long time , a large number of health specialists and technicians have taken the lead in rural areas , making contributions to the health of the grass - roots health and the health of the peasants .
jiangxi province recently decided to conduct a comprehensive inspection of the medical personnel who have been engaged in rural areas for 30 years .
according to the jiangxi provincial health department , the number of people engaged in the technical technical work of medicine and medicine at the township and town health clinics , which are held by the government , and the technical technical technical expertise of the medical field at the junior and above , will be 30 years old , either in the densely - in - service blood group or in the danfeng village , in the township health clinic or in the township and town health clinic .
the first batch of confirmed cases was finally concluded in july .
we should give full play to the role of qualified rural health workers in the rural areas , and also promote the development of rural health .
senior professional examinations are all up to standard , and the evaluation is focused on practical work capability , and appropriate restrictions on scientific research and on dissertation are exempted from the status of the qualification .
the jiangxi provincial health department also arranged a certain number of places for vacation each year to grant certain financial assistance .
beginning this year , jiangxi province will launch a series of inspections every two years to honor the honor prizes for rural health work .
the united states and japan have signed a joint communique on the establishment of a new international political and economic order .
us defense department reconsiders plan to cut down us troops in europe
us defense department officials said on 23 march that due to changes in the iraq war and the world situation , the us defense department is reconsidering the plan to cut the number of us troops stationed in europe by about half .
the us media quoted a defense official as saying that because the iraq war is still going on and the relations between the united states and russia and iran have deteriorated , the defense department has raised doubts about the feasibility of reducing the european garrison plan .
mike , then secretary of defense rumsfeld announced that the united states would send troops to europe by 2012 from the original 11.iter to 7.04 , and build a small number of strong - powered armed forces .
at present , the total us military forces stationed in europe have fallen to the fragmentary level .
however , in june this year , us military european command commander dominica submitted a report to the current defense secretary , asking questions about the above - mentioned reduction plan .
the report said that the us troops in europe , while reducing their military strength , have been transferred to iraq and afghanistan in turn , making the us troops in europe short of personnel and cannot carry out normal cooperation with their european allies .
the report proposes to stop the plan to cut down us troops in europe .
relevant us experts believe that the above phenomenon shows that the iraq war has been stalled and has been chaotic in the original plan for us military readjustment .
the united states has decided to set up a special security council to set up a special working group to promote the development of the western region .
shandong 's jiuzhou city has brought along transportation safety movies into the community to start construction .
qingdao , july 26 ( renmin wang ) - - ( by staff reporter song xuechun and fan zhongliang )
to further deepen the urban civilization , the city has made traffic start three , and has enhanced the awareness of the traffic rule and the awareness of traffic safety among the broad masses of citizens in abiding by the law . from 20 july to 10 august ( a weekly mond - arch 3 ) , the luozhou city government has made itself on the three - lane - mile plaza in the city people 's plaza , the southern jujia maryx plaza ,
before the movie started , the motorcycle belt will print the " trothunder protection " -- a letter to the general public and some publicity materials to be distributed to the public , and will broadcast the " warning on life " and the special traffic topic on the " road to school . "
the film , which has drawn the attention of the citizens , has drawn the horrifying scene of the horse .
in particular , the special feature film " on the road to school " has been passed by the form of the flavor , and has been given profound education .
the film attracted more than 3,000 residents around the square to watch , especially some people from guzhou who came to the lush young people and workers .
through transportation safety films , they enter the community ( + the + red - shaped ) construction activities , enabling the public to enjoy films while at the same time as the nanning , and receive profound education on traffic safety , which is warmly welcomed by the citizens , especially the new citizens .
china 's catering industry to be under control
in order to better implement the " food hygiene law " and the " decision on further strengthening food safety " of the state council , the ministry of health has separately set up a special investigation and control center in the haidian district of beijing municipality , the taizhou city of zhejiang province , hangzhou city of zhejiang province , luoyang city of zhejiang province , hubei province , hainan province , and sichuan province 's three - digit rice breeder , three - digit rice , and 10 selected
this system will also gradually move toward the whole country .
the food and catering hygiene supervision and public notification system is a system for supervising the health of food units on the basis of day - to - day health care supervision .
it is said that the public announcement list will adopt the uniform and antenna as stipulated by the ministry of health , which includes nine on - the - spot inspection results of the onset of the hygiene conditions , the names of the monitoring bodies , the names of the customer 's complaints , and the telephone numbers of complaints , and will be posted on the gatehouse or customer entrance of the designated units that were inspected , and the visitor 's entrance will be clearly seen as a source
the united states has decided to set up a new international liaison department in beijing , said the official .
the council decided to extend the term of office of the peacekeeping force in ethiopia
the un security council unanimously adopted a resolution on 30 june to extend the un peacekeeping forces in guam and eritrea ( eritrea ) to january next year .
the resolution urged all parties concerned to honor their commitments , exercise restraint , ease the tense situation , and avoid unctuous military activities , and called on eritoa to immediately withdraw its troops and military equipment from the temporary security zone , and call for reducing the number of additional military troops deployed in the vicinity of the temporary security zone .
the resolution demanded that specific steps be taken immediately to enable the ecuador border committee to rapidly reach the border without any single pandemic , and demanded that the eritarized state not to delay the withdrawal of all restrictions on the actions and operations of the eritrean tuan league .
the resolution reiterated that it would fully support the work of the ecuadorian border committee and would like to express its welcome to the meeting between the two sides of the strait in new york on september 6 .
in 1998 , the eritrea belt and the eritrea eruption of border conflicts caused the death of many people .
in june 2000 , ethiopia and ecuador signed a cease - fire agreement in algeria 's capital , algiers .
the united nations has been deployed along the eritrean border since july 2001 to oversee the implementation of the cease - fire agreement between the two countries .
the chinese government has decided to set up a special administrative region ( sar ) government in the central government 's capital of hunan province , said the official .
the national level breaststroke of the olympics opened
chengdu , 30 june ( jiefangjun bao )
xing qianyuan reported : to implement the party central committee 's directive on building a harmonious socialist society and to coordinate with the socialist new rural construction , the national economy , the culture , sports , and the people 's living conditions , the national counties of the olympics are developing into a prosperous , democratic , and civilized city on 30 july .
the six - day event attracted more than 10 county - level men from all over the country .
according to the regulations , athletes participating in the competition must be young athletes aged over 18 .
the year 2006 will be held in the state sports general administration 's athletic center , and professional athletes will not be allowed to participate in the competition .
the competition adopted the latest " troika rules " of the china breast association , which is divided into two stages of the preliminary competition and final .
the competition was initiated by the state general administration of physical culture and sports , the china international sports travel company , and others .
in recent years , the two counties , which have a bearing on history , have developed rapidly , and shuangli county has obtained the status of advanced national sports units , including advanced national sports units , etc. , one after another .
in particular , in the new rural construction , shuanglixian county has vigorously implemented the peasant 's sports descendant project , and has integrated the construction of sports facilities with the appearance of rural areas . it has built the stadium in the rural areas and built up the rural areas by the peasants , and has allowed the sports service system to cover the rural areas . it has actively promoted and developed the rural areas with local characteristics .
the three major themes of modern military service
first , the identification function .
the difference between different countries ' armed forces and the important hallmarks of the people of different services and arms .
in the world , the number of troops in more than 100 countries is basically the same , but there are no two countries ' armed forces .
second , symbolic functions .
to a certain extent , military uniforms are the most distinctive national character of a country and are also the most important component of the combat capability of a country 's armed forces .
in the uniquely dressed , the three major military uniforms are the most capable of showing the military power , the stars , the throes of the united states , and the dress .
third , the function of protection .
along with the rapid development of new and high - tech weaponry , the new - type comprehensive protective performance of the new - type combat uniforms has made the uniforms of the armed forces have the capability of guarding against and preventing the appearance of the legend from the hemp , and the multiplying functions of the thin - breast poles , etc. , the military uniform has become the most important issue in the development of military uniform .
( shi wei )
the party committee organ of a certain brigade dared to handle the problem , but dared to be a bit better than before .
chengdu , 3 jul ( wen wei po )
the chinese people have been extremely proud of the monarchy , and have benefited from the hard work of the party committee of the great team .
today , a communications training group of the chengdu military region has more than 10 cadres who have moved into the belt , all of them are happy with the appearance of the beams . they are extremely respectful and admirable to resolve the problem of the big team party committee .
a few years ago , as the personnel of this group 's family building was illegally partially occupied , the number of houses of cadres working in the army was relatively difficult .
the brigade also made several housing mistakes , all of which could not be settled due to various obstructions , and turned this problem into an old and difficult problem .
only by daring to be true and not being able to resolve difficult problems can we solve .
the new party committee leadership group reached a consensus , and the principal leaders personally took the lead in clearing up all the problems of unauthorized occupation of houses .
on the one hand , they are moving forward and are eager to get rid of the situation , hoping that relevant personnel will understand the policies and regulations related to the military 's arsenal and the application of the economic housing , and show the party committee 's firm determination and principled stand .
we should also conduct a study on some housing units that do not want to retreat from houses , and party committees and institutions should promptly contact their units and take corresponding measures to facilitate their active cooperation with the military .
after two months of meticulous work , all violations of rules and regulations exceeded the average number of households in the houses , and the cadres in the brigade were assigned to the houses in accordance with the regulations .
the party committee of the brigade dared to be close to the real situation and to tackle the tough problems , and the results of the fall were also produced . several cadres who were unwilling to actively cooperate with the organization in the past . now they all expressed their willingness to submit to the organization 's decision .
qiao qingchen meets bangladesh air force chief
beijing , july 9 ( wen wei po )
reporter zhang shunzai : cmc member qiao qingchen met with the chief of staff of the bangladesh air force in beijing today .
qiao qingchen said : since the establishment of diplomatic relations between china and bangladesh , bilateral relations have been developing smoothly , high - level contacts have been frequent , and friendly exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been constantly strengthened .
the two countries , regardless of their international affairs or their national construction , have mutual trust and support , and have closely cooperated with each other .
china appreciates and thanks bangladesh for its support and assistance to china on the issues of taiwan 's human rights and tibet .
qiao qingchen said that the chinese armed forces treasure their friendly relations with the bangladesh armed forces , and hope that with the joint efforts of the two sides , the friendly cooperation between the two armed forces will be further expanded , and the friendly exchanges and cooperation between the air forces of the two countries will be strengthened to a new level .
qi said that bangladesh will make its own contributions to the further development of the friendly exchanges and cooperation between the armed forces of bangladesh and china , especially between the air forces of the two countries .
he reiterated that the bangladesh government will , as always , adhere to the one - china policy .
prior to the meeting , qiao qingchen held a welcoming ceremony for zoo .
qi arrived in beijing on the morning of 8 july for a three - day official goodwill visit to china at the invitation of qiao .
the 2007 - 01 - style military uniform designate is a guest of the china military net .
beijing , 13 jul ( jiefangjun bao ) -- yang baojin , deputy director of the general logistics department of the pla , will be wearing a 7 - type military uniform on 1 august .
this evening , the chinese military website specially invited military materials to be imported from russia , which were taken by chen jun , deputy director of the armament bureau , and su jian - yang , senior engineer of the military equipment research institute , as the first - generation military uniform designate , to be born with military and civilian friends both inside and outside the military .
the two guests are mr john masse , a seven - style military uniform design .
speaking of the changes in the new military uniform , they said that the 2007 - style military uniform is born in the handbag of the united states , especially the 97 - style military uniform , and it is the seven - way improvement in the uniform series , including the uniform series , that is , as many as several hundred items .
the most important characteristic of the 7 - style military uniform is that it embodies the inherent characteristics of the evolution of the military uniform , and it enables the military uniform to reach the standard for coordinating the three services for the first time , indicating that the level of the army 's uniform construction has achieved a historical leap .
the two guests also exchanged views on the species of new military uniforms , the appearance of the celestial trap , and other issues with net friends .
this bell was built by the china military network and the china internet .
the deputy chief of the staff of jingjiang city 's armed forces has upgraded the quality of the cadres .
the pla navy 's first artillery corps , which was established in jingjiang city , jiangsu province , has caught up in the hands of armed police chiefs from west laizhen , who are attending the " training class under informatized conditions , " and has received unanimous approval from the trainees on 18 june .
this is the most important political task that the armed forces department has exerted efforts to upgrade the overall quality of the armed forces cadres in light of the reality of their posts .
early this year , the party committee of the armed forces department discovered during a study at the grass - roots level that some military cadres were in the lead and were in the same position , and did not concentrate their energies on armed work .
to this end , they adopted the method of concentrating on training and training in local party schools , and conducted regular training on specialized arms cadres , and worked hard to solve the problem of unitary professional quality of military cadres .
in connection with the central work , we should boldly hand over the burden of the armed forces to the top , and improve our ability to work in the posts .
at the same time , they actively coordinated local organization departments to jointly formulate the " program for appointing full - arms cadres through competition , " which clearly stipulates that the armed forces minister must enter the leading body and not hold other posts ;
established a system for readjusting and exchanging military cadres , and made a comprehensive assessment of some special - purpose cadres who are not adapted to the work of arming the armed forces at the grass - roots level in a timely manner , and were promoted to use them with strong overall quality .
not long ago , the new century 's development company director chen yisong led the militia technology elements to innovate and develop underwater ships .
the good will start will be good .
the result of the competition alone is 2 - 2 , which is reasonable and also the goal that can be accepted . the key is the process of the competition , and the extent of regrettable .
if iran 's team is 2 - 0 , then the equator will be equated , then it will certainly be different to china , and it will be very strong .
good will not end up well . it can be said that it is a bad old problem .
the situation is often under the condition of the situation , and the general view is that china 's psychological quality is not up to the mark .
this is indeed a kind of " taiwan independence " which can not be achieved without the slightest slump .
however , from today 's competition , it seems that it is not the end .
sun jihai , sun jiyun , and gao yan , who were born in europe , did not say that li wei - feng and others were also the old ladies of the jiaofeng . they have seen the broad masses of the people and do not have any problem with their psychological quality .
this regret has been forced into the heels of the iranian team because it is afraid that the deployment will be carried out .
iran 's team , in a backward condition , changed the two men , and the scene immediately got the pulse .
in the second half of the game , the results were not good .
to overcome the problem of being good at beginning but not in the end , we must find the root of the problem .
as long as the problem is accurately identified and the methods to change the problem are not difficult to find .
i am afraid that i will take medicine in a chaotic situation .
if this goes on , it will be a game of more than a game , and old problems will still be made , and it will not be possible to talk about the kick that everyone is expecting .
the ministry of public security has awarded the guangdong frontier guard corps hospital a collective second - class honor .
shenzhen , july 18 , by reporter shuiying
li guoliang reports : for many years , the hospital of the guangdong border defense corps has , while providing medical support to the troops , has also done a good job in helping the needy and has devoted itself to helping the poor people in their hearts .
this morning , the ministry of public security awarded the guangdong frontier guard corps hospital a collective second - generation league award and a report meeting on the advanced deeds of supporting the government and cherishing the people .
the guangdong frontier defense corps hospital has taken the building of social harmony as its starting point , successively established in shenzhen 's buji , three special medical institutions specializing in dealing with migrant workers , and foreign workers have been listed for consultation at only one yuan .
the hospital specially equipped a single truck with a single - leaning service , free from the injury of patients , and also introduced health service cards for migrant workers . the monthly income of peasant workers only needs 7 yuan per month to enjoy 12 basic medical examinations and guarantees .
this measure of benefit to the people has benefited more than 12,000 farmers .
from the beginning , the hospital also conducted a series of large - scale joint consultation activities , including eight single eye - catching medical personnel , to go to tibet , guizhou , and sichuan , and other places , to the free free of the lever , and to conduct nearly 3,000 surgeries .
the armed police force will change its seven - style clothing on 1 august .
the pla general staff headquarters and the armed police force have made a series of special arrangements for the armed police force to replace its seven - style clothing with a new set of seven - style clothing from 1 august .
today , this reporter learned from the press conference of the armed police force 's 7 - style clothing issuance ceremony and embrying the pulse of the seven - style clothing , which was presented with gifts , and the four big strings of the mascot , which were born in the uniform .
the garments are now being adjusted from the existing olive green green , with both sides of the arms and trousers being thrown into the dark , with the overall design strong , and with the national costume standard , they are used as reference to the national costumes standard .
the female officers and men have a large amount of etiquette hats , and the green dress has changed from guan qie - shaped to a leading - edge , with the upper - thruster structure , the spring and autumn dress , and the skillful - shaped design .
the new name brand name list has been added , and the national defense chapter has been added , the blue bar belt , and the hat belt , which is redesigned , has enhanced the identification function of the clothing and strengthened its sense of beauty .
the 2007 pap costume will be replaced in three years .
before august 1 , 2007 , it was simultaneously linked to the entire army as the whole army 's leading cadres and the national flag , the military mechanic , the military mechanic , the military uniform , and the handshake - up and the soldiers of the troops stationed in beijing area troops in the spring and autumn , often transmitted the common neck and the symbolic signs .
the name of the soldiers of other units was changed from spring and autumn to the common neces of the summer .
the october boom was a hot - born sweater .
in december 2009 , the soldiers were replaced with winter - s- dressed clothes .
the subject of training is subordinate to the seasonal change .
a certain base of the second artillery corps has been operating in a remote and straight manner .
the pla daily news , xue tijian , and ye qing , reported : it is difficult to organize education organizations of small units directly subordinate to the units , which are difficult to carry out self - warfare , and will become a historical phenomenon in a certain base of the second artillery corps .
the reporter recently learned that after a half - year trial , the base issued the " program for implementing the ' program for ideological and political education ' " to cover a number of ideological and political education zones in the base that cover all small , remote , and directly administered units , and have already been officially put into operation .
and make new contributions to promoting the effective implementation of the " program on ideological and political education , " the base organized its forces at the beginning of the year to conduct in - depth investigation and study on the current ideological and political education of small and remote units , affecting and restricting the results of education , and initially formed a new type of educational model of cooperation between small and remote units .
the specific method of the area of coordination is to break the unit 's establishment boundary , and to designate a brigade or regiment level unit at the relatively concentrated area of small , scattered , remote , and directly administered units to conduct unified planning on the theme education , and units with different affiliated relations close to the same terrace or to take advantage of the remote hearing system to discuss it .
the practice of combining weaving and smashing the barriers with competitive appointment has been carried out in a unified manner , the educational hardware used in the zone has been used in a unified manner , the data obtained from various units have been shared and exchanged , and the typical examples of the zones have been regularly organized to study the advanced information on the advanced figures of officers and men .
the district has set up a number of educational institutions and information caters .
on this basis , the various cooperative regions have also established a system of seeking help from difficult problems and seeking common ground while seeking common ground while reserving differences in education .
zhang shumin , director of the base 's political department , told the reporter that the establishment of a political education cooperation zone has not only reduced the waste of educational resources but also deepened the educational effect .
some political parties are afraid of being lost in front of the officers and men of other units , and they are taking the initiative to learn new knowledge and seek new methods for education .
the officers and men who were educated also actively analyzed the contents of education , fearing that they would talk outside in front of the officers and men of the neighboring units when they were discussing the issue .
this kind of frugal , sweat , and desperate passion have all been effectively stimulated .
a certain motorcycle parameter of the north sea fleet was all assigned to the troops .
the pla navy 's first artillery corps , which was established in the north china sea fleet , carried out a large - scale joint military exercise with the army 's 31 long - term workers on the front line .
the sixth - level noncom , luo xiangming , happily told this reporter : the leaders of the tuji group care for the soldiers , and let us feel moved by them . after coming back , we will certainly work hard .
they organized grass - roots soldiers to take care of this group for the first time .
not long ago , yao zhisheng went deep into the grass - roots level to see that some soldiers in the leading position in the work of repairing the armament , which moved yao qingsheng deeply .
the soldiers of the company have forgotten their jobs , and the party committee should care for the soldiers and take responsibility for the health of the soldiers .
after studying the issue , the party committee decided to assign all the quota of the upper level to the rank of the rank of the rank of the general in the forefront of work .
the work of a unit of the jinan military region has publicly made it difficult to understand the hot spots .
this newspaper ,
wang weiqin 's resignation was revealed at the camp david on 25 july . this writer saw in a certain unit of the jinan military region : a cadre with the military engineering tendering and financial expenses for the troops ' engineering projects , and other important matters related to the promotion of the noncommissioned officer into the party , and hanging on the windows of the show .
according to su chengsen , the political commissar , this is a new measure adopted by the department to promote the system of opening government affairs to the public .
yeah , the party committee of this unit formulated the " two - way supervision plan for the grass - roots units " and other measures to strengthen the building of party style and clean government . it called on all major issues concerning the vital interests of officers and soldiers and the building of the troops to make decisions after listening to the opinions of grassroots units , and made public the results of the work procedures and procedures .
the unit has set up a bulletin - like hurdle , opened up the limitations , and extensively collected the opinions of all .
early this year , the renovation and transformation project of the dormitory building of the soldiers began . before starting the project , party committee organs extensively solicited the opinions of officers and men , and then released the information on the bidding and put into practice open bidding .
they have saved their spending and won the support of the officers and men .
the open and fair handling of affairs has led to the formation of a good atmosphere at the grass - roots level .
in this unit and grass - roots company , no matter how big or sensitive issues are , or small , they are still less than the daily expenses of individual accounts , they all persist in making public the information and consciously subject themselves to the supervision of the masses .
( international ) study shows that real estate shaking is related to two genes
xinhua news agency report of july 2 from london - icelandic scientists discovered two gene - shaped houses that have shaking the blood of the two genes far higher than ordinary people .
according to the latest issue of the " nature " magazine , the icelandic priot researchers have conducted a study of the genes from the united states of mongol in mongol in iceland and the several thousand people in the region of hong kong , china , and obtained the above discoveries .
the two genes found by scientists are the same as the cardiovascular in the early stage of the disease .
the shaking house immediately swallowed the heart , the most common clinical and unusual heart , and it could lead to the heart - felt wet and the stat .
according to another article in the " natural genetic theory " magazine published on 1 july , the descendant researchers of the trothermal enger company also found the same genes associated with the previous lethal cancer on the 17 th human chromosomes , and they played a certain role in the above - one - third of the pre - aryartery cancer cases .
the study also found that one of the genes is the key to raising the risk of breast cancer , while also reducing the risk of suffering from the falling cardiovascular disease .
( sports ) the american elder guy may retire after the coca cup
xinhua news agency , marathon , july 3 , venezuela ( reporter liu jian )
the venezuelan media reported on 3 may that the 37 - year - old veteran player kelly said in an interview here that if the us cup is unable to find an appropriate club effect , he will choose to retire .
if the american cup finals four to six weeks , i cannot get any high level of polarism in one - 1 - 2 of the high level soccer team , then retirement may be my wrong choice .
as the door of the game is rising , the golf team has fallen into germany - b , and kelly has also left this team with two multifunctional teams .
although kelly had a desire to get the hand , he was obviously not worried about his family , and he himself was now in possession of as many as eight teams as many as eight teams intending to invite him .
however , this former member of the british imperial command and the germanic goat of the west , said that he eventually decided to depend on the family , and the children of the throat of me are nine years old . he was awaiting me in three different countries . i have to consider how i can choose to be more beneficial to my family .
at the recent gold cup , kelly played an outstanding role and helped the team win the championship .
the american cup is still the first to be played by the coach bradley , but he is hard to catch the four hands of the enemy , and the young guard is on the top of the top of the list of the top three rivals of argentina , namely , paraguay , argentina , and argentina . the two matches were put on the seven big doors he had been kept in .
the next match against colombia is very likely to be the champion and the cairle team in the final performance of this american cup .
china 's vice president says china - us economic ties are " very good "
xinhua news agency report of july from ottawa ( by staff reporter from canada 's " global post " ) . after eight years of hard work , the black strawberry ( garciferous metal cellular phone ) of the canadian luc luc has finally been approved into the chinese market , and the first black strawberry cell phone will be listed in china at the end of august .
the chief executive of the company , jimmy bob bob , said that he would hold a " special interview " with business customers in china 's major cities including beijing , shanghai , guangzhou , etc.
the global post quoted lujuan 's director of beijing office as saying that the number of strawberry 8700g cell phones will land on the chinese market at about 700 us dollars at the end of august , and that 5000 orders have been received .
baucus said that last week , microsoft 's listed on the internet had attracted more and more attention to intelligent cell phones , and as an iarc rival , black strawberry cell phones have now been sold in more than 100 countries around the world .
according to statistics , in the first quarter of this year , there were 1-1 - million new users of black - box mobile phones , with total users reaching 9:00 .
spain : husband 's death in mongering mongol
xinhua news agency report of july 7 th from moscow - a spanish woman was hit by mongkok and she dragged her face in the struggle . the one who discovered the attacker was her husband and the police had arrested him .
according to reports by local media on the 6th , the woman died in a bahrain shop in valencia .
one day , a man in the masked shop , thinking it was a robber , she told him to take money from the drawer .
but the man did not take money , but pinned the neck of the woman and wanted to hold her .
she wanted to use her dying method to transport it down , but the man was not thrown into her , still kicked her and pinned her neck .
during the struggle , the woman dragged her under the cloth , but discovered that she was her husband .
the culprit was arrested by the police .
the victim 's woman told the media that she and her husband were going to get divorced because of their lack of love . they had two children .
the 13 pilots resigned from the dongairlines wuhan company to compensate for more than 100 million yuan in reproach .
xinhua news agency report of july 11 from wuhan ( by staff reporter yang and yuan shuyi )
thirteen pilots have submitted their resignation , but the belly belly company of china eastern airlines wuhan limited has made up as much as 105 - million yuan in compensation . this is the largest labor dispute in hubei province .
the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration commission is currently trying the case .
in may this year , 13 pilots of the wuhan eastern airlines company submitted their resignation and were refused by the company .
later , the pilot successively presented the case to the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration commission in early june , asking for a ruling to terminate the labor relationship with the dongairlines wuhan company .
china eastern airlines , after receiving the notice , submitted an anti - appeal request , demanding that 13 pilots pay the fees for the payment of the loss of more than 6 million yuan to over 10 million yuan , and the price of the deposit is 1.05 - million yuan .
it is learned that the pilot and eastern airlines signed a contract of unfixed time labor . apart from the suspension conditions in the labor contract or the removal of conditions in the labor contract , the validity of the labor contract will continue to be the statutory retirement age of the pilot .
the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration commission made an appeal and a countercharges against the case , and it is expected that the trial will end before 8 august .
germany calls for early solution of border dispute between russia and russia
xinhua news agency report of july 12 th from riga ( by staff reporter yang dehong ) - german foreign minister steinmeier , who is currently visiting russia , urged russia to pass the latin american border treaty as soon as possible on july 12 .
steinmeier and his counterpart , paraguay , held talks that day , during which both sides discussed relations between larde and eu cooperation and reached a consensus on the relations between russia and the eu and russia .
at the press conference held after the talks , steinmeier called on russia to pass the lakov border treaty as soon as possible .
steinmeier said that the whole of the region and russia 's steps to improve relations were relatively slow , and the signing of the border treaty between russia and russia has witnessed the course of development of relations between russia and russia , but the historical shadow may cause retrogression in the relations between russia and russia again . he hoped that russia would pass the lakov border treaty as soon as possible to promote the development of bilateral relations .
on 27 march this year , after 10 years of negotiations , prime minister karvilleis and russian prime minister yeddkov signed the border treaty between the two countries in moscow .
on 17 may , the raja parliament passed the border treaty between russia and russia .
according to reports by the media , the russian parliament will vote on the treaty in the near future .
dprk , rok to hold sixth round of talks
pyongyang , july 16 ( xinhua ) the united states has decided to set up a new international liaison department in pyongyang , the official said here today
the military representatives of the dprk and the rok held military talks in panmunjom on 16 june . both sides agreed to hold the sixth round of talks from 24 to 26 february .
according to reports by the central news agency , the dprk military representative shanzai bushin su proposed the yanping island in the western waters of north korea to the bai ling islands in the same day 's contact , and explained the reasons in detail .
he said : to establish a common development zone , we must implement the principle of seeking common national prosperity and common profits as well as the principle of ensuring peace and stability .
speaking on bilateral relations , pierre linzhu said that in order to prevent the two sides from having military conflicts in the western waters , the two sides should abandon their respective maritime borders , recognize and respect each other , and settle the relevant agreements between the dprk and the rok as a basis for consultation .
he said : it is necessary to formulate military support measures in a timely manner in order to promote dprk - rok cooperation and exchanges .
he said : at present , the rok side should take military measures to ensure that the dprk 's civilian vessels can be able to directly go to the south from haizhou port and freely pass through the strait of jizhou .
this is the second meeting between the dprk and the rok in the near future following the 10 th of this month .
the fifth round of talks between the dprk and the rok was held in the dominance of the single side of the dynasty from 8 to 11 may .
( international ) hyundai motor denies intention to buy wolf
xinhua news agency report of july 18th from seoul - south korea 's hyundai motor company said that the company had no intention of acquiring any brand under wolfowitz or the tip automobile company flag on july 18th .
the sunday times and the new york times recently both reported that the arms sales to the united states may be sold to wolfowitz .
the sunday times has published a report saying that the korean modern automobile company is a company of wal - mart .
" the price of the product is lower than the price of the price of the price of the wolfowitz , " said a spokesman for the hyundai motor company .
in 1999 , the $ 645 - million belt was purchased from the swedish wolfowitz group .
at present , wolfowitz and lujiazhuang are all under the top auto group ( + under the control of the legend ) .
in march this year , the loss of the us dollar was sold by 8.4bard , which is the single foot of the us dollar . last month , it also said that it was considering selling the luhu and the czech pane .
( sports ) cuban boxing rope is too short
xinhua news agency report of july 21 from rio de janeiro ( by staff reporter chen weihua and tongtong )
on 21 march , the cuban delegation arrived in the taiwan rope of the pan - american games , which will affect the performance of the boxers .
according to the international fists ' rules , the rope of the boxing tower in the international competition should be 6.1 meters , but according to the cuban team fist coach pedro roke , the pan - american games rope is short of 1 meters .
roke said : we submitted a formal protesting because this incident was not a serious political issue that affected cuba , but a whole .
the rope is too short , which will affect the fists ' flashing and peeling .
he also said : if you do not find a solution that meets the olympic standards , you will be able to go to other places .
as we know , we brought us from cuba .
the mexican and colombian delegations also expressed their disappointment to rope in taiwan on the same day .
colombia 's fists , julio dusbis , though the first battle in the world , said : although i won the first game , the boxing taiwan was too narrow , i really did not feel that it was not like the top .
the dabbit of dull dull sugar reproduces orders abroad
xinhua news agency report of july 24 from shanghai ( by staff reporter xu shansong and yu lihong ) from the guansheng garden ( group ) company limited , the once - in - shanghai port 's large leabbit dull rabbit has recently resumed export , and quite a few overseas butchers have demanded orders .
the corridor of guansheng garden in singapore , mr. lin ching - yung of the funan company , recently sent a telegram to the zulin garden group saying that because singapore 's agricultural grain and the throat dull dull dull dull dull is not containing formaldehyde , it can be sold normally in the market , and therefore requires extraction .
the malaysian king wins at the guansheng garden said that it was asked for the manuscript to be transported from shanghai immediately .
the park is in the fifth lefeng trading company in hong kong , and has also called the guansheng garden , saying that the hong kong food safety center has collected a large thick daby sugar sample from hong kong . after laboratory tests , the non - formaldehyde component was found .
the five fung trading company limited has received notification from hong kong 's huanqiu that it has decided to resume sales of over 100 bacteria in hong kong .
it is learned that the 10 single - planted stableys at shanghai port have gradually resumed exports .
at present , seven containers are rabbit by bit and limbs , and are being developed to singapore .
british trojan bomb threat crimes committed
london , july 26 ( xinhua ) british police announced on july 26 that britain 's tamiflu threat , which was made in mid - july , has killed more than 160 people in clanke county .
police said that this man is called putrograph , aged 51 , a unemployed person , and he will be extorted and charged with producing bombs .
on the afternoon of 14 july , 14 british columbaria butrots in the united kingdom were urgently closed due to the threat of bombs , and it was only the next day that the business resumed .
the british people have been at the peak of purchasing that , at that time , 14 british enterprises were closed down , the biggest loss in the throat of of the british .
british police subsequently launched a series of criminal investigations into the bomb threat and announced that no terrorist activity had been found in the incident , but there might be some economic motives behind it .
( sports ) changing the extravagant period is the blank of the beijing olympics
beijing , july 28 ( xinhua ) the olympic games will be held next year , with the wet august of beijing , which is expected to turn into the sea .
through changing the use of such technical means as the flower period , researchers have found a good policy to increase the color of the olympics .
the " summer summer summer harvest " special olympics series , which was held in beijing on 28 august , and the selection and application of new varieties of summer planting , the evaluation experts reached the conclusion that the new types of products that promote new technology and naturally have different types of flower flower - planting in summer , and can reach the best results in the summer olympics in august .
in beijing 's summer , it usually can only see a dozen or so of the bulletin , which is already very withered , or has not reached the coarding position .
through their efforts , they selected the olympic games 206 , or more than 400 varieties .
in the " zoo 2007 " exhibition at beijing haidian park , the olympics will show the determination of the chinese people around the first anniversary of the opening of the beijing olympics . a number of rare giants that were elaborately carried out by scientific researchers in august will greet the sunflower with the past .
turkish ruling party wins parliamentary election
xinhua news agency report of july 30th from dubai ( by staff reporter wang jian ) - the final result of the 23rd parliamentary election announced by the turkish supreme election committee on july 30th showed that the ruling justice and development party won 341 seats in 550 seats , and once again obtained one party 's power .
at the parliamentary election held on 22 july , the main opposition republican party won the upper hand in the parliamentary election .
the party won 71 seats in the election .
apart from the three political parties mentioned above , 26 other members were elected .
the new turkish parliament will hold its first meeting in august .
members will be sworn in and will start to perform their duties .
the parliament will vote on the ballot method .
the turkish parliament election was originally scheduled to be held in november , but in the presidential election at the end of april , because the opposition parties were in favor of the only candidate , the vice premier and foreign minister gul , boycott , resulting in the failure of the presidential election and the parliament election ahead of time .
