white house urges early release of nuclear inspectors to monitor north korea 's nuclear reactor
the white house today called for the early dispatch of nuclear prosecutors to monitor north korea 's closure of its nuclear reactor , and the white house was made after a phone conversation between us president bush and south korean president hau chi .
" the two sides have reached consensus on holding discussions on the issue of the us - south korean nuclear cooperation with north korea , and hope that the international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) will return to north korea soon to monitor the stoppage and sealed off nuclear reactors , " said a white house national security council spokesman .
cho pointed out that the two presidents also expressed their concern over the us - south korea free trade agreement signed yesterday and would work to ensure that the two countries ' parliaments approve the agreement .
experts believe that the plutonium produced in pyongyang in the past 20 years has been sufficient to produce 12 nuclear weapons .
hill , the special envoy of the six - party talks , said after his visit to pyongyang last week that he expected the nuclear reactor to be closed in mid - july .
43 killed in western india rainstorm
heavy rainstorms hit western india on the weekend , seriously flooded in some areas , and shut down the routes of the western big city .
rescue officials said today that forty - three people were killed .
the monsoon brought with it soaring rain from june to september , causing india , a country with a population of 1.1 billion , to flood and flooding , and even causing casualties .
half of the dead were drowning dead while others were drowning because of housing or watershed .
the indian financial center was also subject to speculation .
on 29 , we had a day of + 30 , and + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
chief executive officer abdel al-zarqawi said 13 people were killed in the sodium .
city officials called on citizens to take sodium and not go out before the rainy season is over , so as to safeguard their own safety .
yesterday , rain was slightly rest , and most of the areas were still flooded .
indian floods kill 500
according to official and media reports , this year 's death toll caused by heavy rain has climbed to 4:00 .
the official quoted the chief executive of the government and the minister of reconstruction affairs kadan as saying that the provinces of india have been entering provinces in succession for the past week , resulting in casualties and economic losses in various areas . the province , the largest city in india , is the province of lashtula , where the death toll has reached 300,000 .
the report said that during his inspection , kadan made the above remarks to reporters from the media .
he said that india 's biggest cotton producing area , rajaswant province , was full of vast land , with 27 cities and towns , including the land of heavy water , exceeding 10,000 disaster victims , being placed safely on the shelves .
india is moving south and north , and it has entered into the government one week ago . residents of all provinces are greeting the rainy with a spirit of drought and sweeping up with willingly . however , they have not expected the rainy weather to come abruptly , and have reached a very low - lying area where water was not exhausted .
the wimbledon tennis jackson - bowl - douglas - davis - tz - douglas - - will come to the final .
the spanish divine emperor naku today nominated a quartet of the four strong men 's singles , jonkovic , who was injured and could not fight again , to withdraw the contest and make a stalinist advance into the final , which will contend with the world champion of switzerland , fei deer , and france , to fight against the tigers .
georgkovic and the eight top players were summoned to guard against the injury during the 16 th tournament and the eight strong points . he was beaten to the third set today because of the bubble of a trench of toy , and then called the guard for treatment . later , he was consciously unable to fight again and decided to abandon the race .
the fourth seed georgovic 's retreat , and let + + + + + + + + + 4 , + 0 , + 0 , + 0 , + 0 .
besides the heat at at first , he was too slow in the first match . in addition to the first match under a situation of breaking , the second session of the second session of the supreme court led the game .
sodium iran 's tapping tunnel to protect nuclear equipment
the institute of science and international security of the us think tank , said today that commercial satellites show iran is building a mountain tunnel near the nasdaq uranium enrichment facility , and that it might be to protect nuclear equipment when the air raid breaks out .
these oceans are made of the earth ( the land of america ) , and the announcement was made on june 11 at the scientific and international security research institute 's website .
the institute is located in washington , a non - profit research group .
+ it shows that , within the region south of nantanz facilities , the mountain is under construction , and the facility is a uranium enrichment factory .
analysts , albright and buran , pointed out in a report that the main tunnel is improper and unclear , but the road seems to be connected to a tunnel facility , and the other road may also go to the cht import .
they said , " soaking a tunnel facility inside the mountain will play a very good role in protecting the environment , and + it will be used to protect the whole thing . "
un envoy holds talks on nuclear issue
the united nations international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) deputy director - general hainin held talks with iranian officials today to try to break the stalemate in iran 's nuclear program again .
however , iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad has been under mounting pressure to further impose sanctions at the united nations , and he still stubbornly resists .
iran will not stop uranium enrichment , but welcomes the latest round of talks .
he said : the inclination of installation of extrasolar gear can slow down or accelerate , and this is an issue of implementation , and no one should expect us to give up our right , and we will not stop this direction .
he arrived in hainning and made the statement .
the purpose of this trip by haionen is to formulate a set of plans to resolve the territorial issue caused by iran 's nuclear program .
un cannot freeze uranium enrichment work due to its sealing , it has already imposed two sanctions against iran .
iran 's news agency , hainonen and iran 's supreme council 's international affairs assistant president waddy were in charge of international affairs , said the news agency .
the iranian delegation also includes seddi , vice chairman of the atomic energy organization and soonyanye , ambassador to the international atomic energy agency .
palestinian prime minister fatah to form new government
the palestinian authorities have been in effect one month after the + sodium of the sodium of the sodium , but prime minister fadio has been ordered to take charge of the new government .
minister of agriculture and social affairs habachi told afp that prime minister fahd had lodged his resignation to chairman abbas , and the chairman accepted the resignation of his cabinet government , which is responsible for handling day - to - day affairs , and asked him to accept his government .
abbas ' soaring told afp that fatah had ordered him to resign from his current post until he was appointed government .
" the respected economist fayad has only submitted his resignation just as procedural resignation , and will not shake his position as prime minister .
france and germany have been leading an emergency cabinet to implement abbas ' violent bombing in gaza since he led the palestinian emergency cabinet on 17 january .
according to the basic law of the palestinian autonomous government , without the approval of the parliament , the council of the palestinian authority cannot exceed 30 days , but now the autonomous parliament is paralyzed .
the emergency government 's authority expired today .
wto representative sets new bill to break doha round talks deadlock
the world trade organization ( wto ) 's main negotiators today proposed a large reduction of us subsidies to agriculture , with developing countries dropping tariffs on industrial products , to break the deadlock in the doha round of trade talks .
the official said that the new mode of investment in agriculture requires that the united states allow the us dollar to drop to 200 million us dollars each year , while the developing countries lower the tariffs on industrial products to lower levels .
the proposals are aimed at breaking the deadlock in the doha round of talks over the past six years and bringing about a compromise agreement among wto members .
the wto secretary general said that these proposals were based on the principle of territorial balance and development as a fair and reasonable basis for the agreement .
" we have no doubt that the sooner the un membership will not be fully satisfied , but the issue of discriminatory issues will not be considered as issues of consensus .
he called for intensive negotiations in the next few weeks .
vehicles producing day vehicles , vehicles , and vehicles ,
japan 's earthquake caused a shortage of automobiles and a shortage of gasoline , and a car manufacturer of japan 's production day said today that they would suspend production of cars in the country .
japanese gasoline and shock on a 6.8 - scale , and the automobile manufacturers of + 0 , were forced to suspend operations in tokyo 's shuttle factory , which affected the production of the plant .
the world 's most popular car , a spokeswoman for the famous woman , said : territorial waters will be temporarily closed until 21 tonight .
nakagawa , spokesman for japan production , said that the japanese - made products made in three japanese factories will be suspended from the next day to the 23 rd , and that the weekend will reassess the situation .
he said that two factories , one of them , would be affected , but the company would probably increase the number of rotating classes next month to make up for the backward production progress .
suzui said that in the next three days , some production will be suspended , and production of land confiscated by japan 's fukuo corporation will also be temporarily suspended production of small cars starting tomorrow and assess the situation on 21 august .
shut said that some of the supplies would be suspended next week , and the + sodium would be used .
the earthquake killed at least 10 people and wounded others , and hundreds of houses were forced to shut down in the factories in the disaster area .
soaking order , indonesia cancels sale of environmental protection products
kuwait said today that in view of the disorderly rush of hong kong 's rush purchase earlier this month , indonesia has cancelled the trafficking of british environmental bags .
the air - conditioning system , which is based on the size of the country 's high consumer , says that due to the incident in hong kong , we have cancelled environmental protection bags on the market .
if the public were to spend a total of 140,000 rupees ( about 4nt $ ) , they would not have that value , which would be worth 40,000 .
on the 6 th , the people in hong kong gathered outside the shopkeeper to buy a house , which was designed by britain , and i was not a land - based green bags , but the shopkeeper refused to make orders , and triggered off the scene .
this fine product , which is used to protect the environment , tried to replace the bags , but overnight it became a popular index in london and new york , triggering price soaring to zero on the auction site .
the only place where indonesia was granted the right to sell its land , said , is it uncertain whether it will sell it in a few days ?
when the hostage crisis was taken over , south korea negotiated directly
afghanistan hostages 23 south korean hostages and sets a deadline for today to withdraw south korea from the country , otherwise the hostages will be killed .
as time goes by , the situation has changed positively , south korean officials and the organizations of the two countries began talks today for the first time .
but at the same time , soeo said that the body of another german hostage being kidnapped was very weak , and he began to land in and lost consciousness .
al-qaeda called on germany and south korea to withdraw troops from afghanistan and demanded that these hostages be used to exchange 33 guerrillas who were detained by the afghan government .
spokesman of the company agence amadi told afp by telephone in unidentified locations : we have contacted south korean representatives directly through the elderly of the tribes .
armadi said : we hope that results will be achieved in this round of talks , and + we will be able to + hold talks .
sodium local time ( 10.30 pm taiwan time ) will be set for the final deadline , and the time will begin to kill south korean hostages .
the maturity period has already been extended .
prc : rok , rok discuss korean military talks unhappy
because of the fact that each side has its own say in the territorial boundaries of the sea , the three - day high - level military talks between the two koreas dispersed today in discord .
holding talks in the border city of panmunjom today entered the final day agenda , north korea 's chief representative kim jong - chol said : we need not come up with any conclusion that will no longer require these talks that have no results .
the face was obviously unhappy with the soaked , and kim jung - chol deliberately went off the border of the new sea to replace the original north korean line for discussion .
he said that the restriction line was not legal .
the + imperial space shuttle , which was built by the us military after the korean war ended in 1953 , has become the focus of the dispute between the two koreas in recent years , and north korea has even refused to recognize it .
north korea said south korea had illegally intruded into the waters and caused tension , and south korea said the accusation was groundless .
a clash broke out in the local waters in june 1999 , causing dozens of north korean crew members to lose their land .
in june 2002 , there was another conflict of this kind , and six south koreans were unfortunately killed .
us finance minister visits china to environmental protection , exchange rate focus
us secretary of treasury powell arrived in china yesterday for a visit . the united states is exerting every effort to persuade china to further carry out the necessary economic reform and environmental protection work , especially the renminbi exchange rate issue , which has attracted much attention .
us diplomats said that powell first went to qinghai , a large province in northwest china .
china currently has the largest hydro - electric field in the area near the aquatics lake .
balloon today transferred to beijing to discuss with chinese officials in charge the promotion of dialogue on the oceans strategic economic dialogue initiated last year .
the us - china strategic economic dialogue mainly discussed issues such as economic environmental protection , and the most important thing is the issue of renminbi exchange rate , and us congressmen believe that the renminbi is overvalued .
the us - china trade deficit is rapidly increasing pressure within the united states , and congressmen are prepared to take retaliatory actions against their so - called china unfair trade policy .
last week , the us senate finance committee passed a bill by an overwhelming vote , demanding that the ministry of finance refer to the list of countries which are basically unfounded on currency exchange rates , thus opening the door to economic sanctions against beijing .
us congressmen said that the underestimation of the renminbi has made china sell its goods to the united states very much , aggravating the us - china trade imbalance , and last year the us trade deficit with china reached $ 2.5 billion .
mustafa insisted that he would completely withdraw from the soccer world before he was 60 years old .
from the beginning , musnie 's future , from the media , has always been a topic of media speculation , but like before , the portuguese people have stressed again that he will surely stay in west london in summer .
some newspapers listed 14 new military leaders , but i will stay in the west , and michel mozimnio .
he reiterated that he hopes that the portuguese team will come up with a teaching gem in a day , and i really want to teach him , i believe that he would invariably invite me to be the chief commander of the portuguese football association on one day .
however , the 44 - year - old murray did not intend to contribute his whole life to soccer , and he said he would retire before 60 , and he did not want to work as bobobby , robert and frogson , until the year is 60 .
i have made a promise to my wife , and i will not be like robertson and fogson , but teach him 70 years old .
musnico , who was 60 , wanted to completely shut up the land .
i have too many things that i cannot do now , waiting for me to do .
i do n't want to become a soccer advisor or or or technical director , such as bardnuo or saji .
i do n't want to play such a role .
i do not want to be the chairman of a club , but i want to emphasize completely the emperor , the republic of ronnio .
( qi liang )
wang bing and wang bing of cao shengchun village in shanxi province were tried to hold a hearing on the case .
in july , china 's internet cnn received special attention from the public , and this morning , the intermediate court of linfen city put on trial at the first trial of cao shengbing , a native of guangshengzhen , guangsheng town , guangling county , shanxi province .
while concerned about the progress of the case , many domestic media are watching .
because the local departments concerned were more cautious , some reporters were unable to get on - the - spot interviews .
currently , the sodium is still in progress .
according to the staff of the criminal court of the linfang city intermediate court , if he goes smoothly , he will be examined and concluded on that day .
but whether or not the court can pronounce the verdict is uncertain .
at about 9 : 00 am , a reporter noticed the scene outside the intermediate court of linfen city . the street was calm and contacts were suspended .
perhaps , i feel that he is studying the matching activities in the court .
when you come here , i believe that the law is just and void .
a senior citizen passing through this place looked at the photo of the national emblem and spoke himself .
prior to this , there was news in hongdong county that the defendant , wang bing , his father , wang bing , was dismissed from his post as a deputy to the county people 's congress according to law .
before this , wang dongyu had a courtyard for investigation of the case of wang bing 's black black pinch , and was expelled from the party because he was suspected of having violated discipline .
the " dense - like - strike " incident that triggered the wang bing black - and - neck ditch case in shanxi has aroused attention at home and abroad . the central authorities have issued instructions on conducting a strict investigation .
the dprk and the rok reached an agreement on cooperation in the development of light industry and underground resources .
chinanews , july 8
the dprk and the rok held a joint statement on 7 august on cooperation in the fields of light industry and underground resources development .
according to the agreement , the rok will provide the dprk with raw materials for producing light industrial products such as clothing and other light industrial products , and the dprk will grant some of its domestic extraction rights to the rok .
according to a report by the japan - sent friendship association , the rok and the dprk conducted a three - day discussion in kaesong on cooperation in the light industry and underground resources development fields , and finally reached an agreement .
under the agreement , south korea will provide north korea with clothing and soap raw materials , total value , and soap production value .
in this regard , the dprk will grant korea the right to extract three pillars in the country .
the south korean government will take advantage of its archaeological location to deliver the first batch of 500 tons of materials to north korea from inchuan port in the west in july .
according to the plan , the rok and the dprk will conduct joint investigation on the eastern part of the dprk starting 28 july .
the south korean government started to launch a aid plan to north korea , which provides 400 million metric tons of rice .
after the dprk expressed willingness to actively implement the agreement reached by the six countries , including the closure of nuclear facilities , the dprk - rok economic cooperation has become more active again .
lanzhou pricing bureau explained the cowl price limitation price , and only because the increase was too high .
lanzhou , july 10 ( china news net ) ( huang party )
this afternoon , the lanzhou city commodity price bureau invited relevant departments to a forum on the issue of limiting the meat prices ;
the press conference learned that the departments such as the sodium of prices jointly introduced a maximum price restriction , mainly because the price increase of the beef surface was too big and exceeded the tolerance level of ordinary residents .
it is reported that the beef face price hike this time has increased by as much as 20 % , and data show that this is the first time that the beef face price in lanzhou has risen since the early 1980 's .
" the government 's behavior is to take into account the economic capability of ordinary residents in the region , and the maximum price for our departure is to undergo a cost investigation , " said lanzhou city commodity pricing bureau chief .
on 26 february , the bureau of public health and taxation , which jointly issued four departments , including the bureau of commodity pricing , had set a maximum price for cowl , and this aroused strong concern .
it is learned that the forum aims to extensively listen to the opinions of various circles and to solicit opinions and suggestions for concrete management measures for the next step , and lanzhou will hold a news conference tomorrow .
this will be lanzhou city 's second meeting on the rise in the price of the beef .
prc official : taiwan to stop activities for three months
according to information from the website , zhu rongji inspected the construction of the china region on 9 july and made an administrative penalty of three months .
the punishment order shows that the china council for promoting regional development adopts the following illegal acts : collecting excessive standards ; using secondary schools , and collecting other fees from non - member units .
according to investigations , the membership standard of the unit is 21,000 yuan per year , and during june to february 2007 , it sent a total of 20 units to collect money from more than 20 units , except for one household member collecting a levy of 21,000 yuan from the unit , and the rest charge from each of the remaining eight to eight million yuan to each other , and collected from each organization the relevant statute and collected administrative fees from the organ and other from the relevant administrative organs .
and authorized institutions that operate according to article 33 ( 8 ) of the " regulations on registration and management of social organizations " shall suspend their activities within three months and close down their activities according to law .
the rok government hopes to speed up the process of denuclearization of the peninsula through the six - party talks
chinanews , july 12 - according to a report by the rok news agency , the rok government is very pleased to welcome the delegation head meeting of the six - party talks to be held in beijing on july 18 .
a spokesman for the ministry of foreign affairs and trade of the republic of korea [ rok ] issued a commentary on 12 june , expressing hope that the head of the delegation will discuss the early conclusion of the initial phase measures and implementation of the next phase measures as well as the concrete and substantive proposals for the six - party talks , so as to accelerate the process of denuclearization on the korean peninsula .
the commentary also said : as the core of the dprk nuclear issue , our government will continue to make unremitting efforts to achieve the goal of a nuclear - free korean peninsula in a timely manner , and will also closely cooperate with relevant countries in this regard .
officials revealed that the beijing olympics could be the best in number of participating countries and regions
chinanews , july 16 .
according to xinhua news agency reports , wang shilin , vice minister of the international liaison department of the beijing olympic organizing committee , disclosed on 14 june that the beijing olympic organizing committee will send an invitation to the 205 ioc members to participate in the olympic games .
he said that if there is no accident , the beijing olympic games will be the most olympic games in the country and region in history .
the report says that from 10 to 12 june , wang shilin extended congratulations to the pan - us sports organization on the progress of preparations for the beijing olympics on the preparatory work for the beijing olympics , including the construction of communications and transportation arrangements , and others .
wang shilin said : the member states and regions of the pan - american sports organization have shown great enthusiasm for participating in the beijing olympics . all 42 members have confirmed that they will participate in the olympic games ' delegation head meetings in beijing next month .
it is reported that at the meeting , the international olympic committee will formally invite the 205 ioc members to attend the olympics , together with the beijing olympic organizing committee .
( gao peng , yang limin )
wang yan 's injury improves , ' insisting on ' sitting on stool to restore ' two - level ' muscle muscle power '
shut wang yan already could sit on the stool , but she could not have been too long , and she felt dizzy , and yesterday , wu huizong , director of the zhejiang sports bureau 's + research center , told the reporter .
wang yan 's injuries previously injured in the competition continued to improve , among which , the muscles of the upper left and right limbs were restored and the two - day pens were increased .
+ + wang yan 's + quarterhouse , + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + her right muscles are two to three , and her upper muscles are of a left instinct .
in the past half a month , wang yan 's upper limb muscle power has improved further .
doctors say wang yan 's cells have reached above four levels , more than the normal level , and only one level less than the normal number of five , and left muscles are also above grade 3 , wu xilqin said .
in other words , in less than half a month , wang yan 's limb muscles resumed their fate .
before , wang yan could have been able to hold on a bed with the help of a doctor .
the hospital 's rehabilitation experts originally planned to give wang yan a health check last weekend under the protection of the rehabilitation bed .
however , according to wang yan 's current recovery situation , the resounding training has to be postponed temporarily .
wu xizong said that wang yan 's training now mainly takes hold of gasoline and takes hold of stool , but time is still not too long . ( reporter wang yuhang ) .
venezuelan president says dropping salary cuts for senior civil servants
china news net , july 23 - venezuelan president johannesburg delivered a speech on venezuela 's domestic and foreign policy on july 23 .
he said that a significant reduction in the salaries of senior civil servants was necessary .
he also said that if foreigners come to venezuela to attack the venezuelan government , they will face serious consequences and be expelled from the country .
foreigners have been ordered to closely monitor the remarks made by foreigners during their visit to venezuela and have found that any person who openly criticized him or the venezuelan government should expel him from the country .
in a televised speech on the evening of 22 march , he said that venezuela could not tolerate the extravagant of foreigners who went to their homes to make a show of their grudges .
in his speech , he also pointed out that the salaries of senior civil servants will be substantially reduced .
he said that the venezuelan civil servant 's salary should not exceed us dollars per month .
it is reported that the monthly income of some poor people in venezuela is heavier .
in latin america , the action of reducing civil service pay has become a common practice and has won the support of the broad masses of the people .
leaders of countries like peru and oceania all have reduced their salaries .
he added that cuban leader castro reminded him of his observation of a brief military action commanded by the united states .
he said that carlos presented him a book for the former us central government chief , and asked him to see the central intelligence agency 's secret , high - tech communications bureau .
+ + + + + + spy case + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
last night , beijing time , the international auto federation council held a special hearing on the frankfurt technology espionage case . the summoned warship fled , and the council decided not to pay the mai kai wheel for the time being .
the international auto federation official said in a statement after hearing the hearing that he said : " we have established laws and regulations governing relations between france and germany , but there is no sufficient evidence to show that these information has been used in the international auto federation ( iac ) fangling competition , which is not just at the local level of international cyber alliance level , and therefore will not be punished .
however , the farari technology espionage case did not draw it over .
the board of directors of the automobile sports commission also indicated in the decision that if + it is discovered in the future that relevant information from ferrari is used to damage the championship , we reserve the right to ask mai kai to return the automobile sports certificate , and at that time it may face penalties that may be abolished by 2007 or even 2008 , and even for + 0 + 0 + 0 + 0 + 0 + 0 + 0 + 0 + 0 + 0 + 0
mai kai , the chief designer of the morkow wheel who has been suspended , has been found to have possessed nearly 800 pages of technical documents including the design power of the ferrari race car , the construction of the series of links such as the development and operation of the 2007 pole .
mai kaikai 's rotating , before the tube was stopped , no other person in the motorcade knew this information , and no fatally made of the wheel spray seedlings .
( wang yuan )
experts believe that the soaring demand for the domestic stock market will not be diverted in the near future .
chinanews , july 30
according to china securities news , the " interim procedures on management of overseas investment of insurance funds " recently came into force , and insurance funds have broader room for use in the capital market .
china 's chuang company 's chief investment officer liu lefei believes that the rmb revaluation and the good trend of the domestic capital market will not be a large - scale investment through purchase of foreign currencies , and this also means that investment will not be used in the domestic stock market for the short term .
the report said that many insurance institutions hold the same view .
experts said that since the renminbi market has not yet been built , the insurance sector has not been able to avoid risks , and the time for large - scale foreign exchange purchase is not ripe .
liu lefei said that in the long run , in the area of asset allocation , overseas investment should take up a certain proportion in the overall allocation of insurance companies .
however , in view of the greater pressure of renminbi appreciation , china 's + matching industry will mainly use its own foreign exchange funds to invest overseas .
foreign - funded enterprises should be cautious in their current situation in investing overseas .
( shangjing .
china 's aquatic products suffer 52.5 - billion yuan in direct losses this year
this reporter has learned from the national general headquarters for flood prevention and drought control : as of july , the nation has suffered 188 million mu of land , 5.44 million natural disasters , 11.1.15 - million people died , and 45.5 million people were living in houses due to the disaster .
the area of cultivated land throughout the country is 140 - billion mu , and there is a large population of fertile land due to drought and serious shortage .
in july , the national general headquarters for flood prevention and drought control urgently made arrangements in light of the current severe flood prevention and drought control situation .
it requires all provinces along the huai he and the headquarters for flood prevention to strengthen their efforts , guard the time for the retreat , seize flood prevention , and win a comprehensive victory .
the state general headquarters for flood control and drought control and the ministry of agriculture have sent three flood prevention lines and drought - stricken areas to respectively direct flood prevention and drought - fighting work .
at present , the work of preventing floods is being carried out in a tense and orderly manner , and the river is also being drowned in a flood - leaked in henan province , and people in jiangsu province are being treated as imperiled trees .
there was no serious situation .
provinces like heilongjiang , jiangxi , have launched a contingency plan to fight against drought , and the work to fight against drought is being carried out in an intense and orderly manner .
( by reporter zhao yongping )
chen shui - bian secretly criticized judicial involvement in the election taiwan 's ' judicial yuan ' for denying and demanding an explanation .
prc : cass official says taiwan judicial officials try to get involved in taiwan 's leader election on 30 july .
taiwan 's judicial yuan executive yuan ,
according to taiwan 's " meteorology , " chen shui - bian questioned the chief procurator or investigator on 30 may , because of political considerations , he intervened in and even attempted to influence the election activities of candidates from various political parties . he said he hoped that this phenomenon would not exist in taiwan , but it may be very difficult .
in view of chen shui - bian 's doubts , president of taiwan 's judicial yuan , yue sheng did not respond , and secretary general fan guangfeng spoke on behalf of the judicial yuan .
gao jinzhi said : taiwan 's fundamental law and rules governing judges should be announced in writing that judges should go beyond the party , be prohibited from participating in activities of political parties , and judges should be very cautious in observing related matters and believe that judicial rulers should be judicial officials very good .
gao jinzhi pointed out : kaohsiung high - ranking judge zhang shengxi was pleased to attend the school course in caac several years ago , that is , because the courses concerned have the flavor of political parties and are determined to be disciplined by the self - discipline committee formed by judges .
zhang shengxi once wanted to join the dpp and put his position on the table because of controversy over his election .
gao jinzhi believes that if the trial is a case , it is not simply based on the results of the trial , but rather on the results of the judgment , judge does not have any political intention .
germany to lower professional personnel threshold
staff reporter , wang huaicheng , july 1
the german government will continue to support the development of education and research in europe , said sayman , german minister of education and scientific research , here monday .
according to the oecd report , germany 's labor force is expected to decline year by year from 15 to 64 .
if there is no sufficient migration , then the workforce in germany will be reduced by 6 % compared to the present .
however , the german employers ' federation and the german engineers association have reported that in the german labor market , engineers are rather competent in professional skills .
the labor department of the federal republic of germany said that the supply of supplies by engineers in the german labor market was about 12,700 , and technicians were supplied with 9,600 people .
to protect its own people 's employment , germany has set a higher threshold for attracting foreign talent .
germany 's " transit law " stipulates that specialized personnel from non - eu countries cannot wait until germany is equal to 85,500 euros , otherwise they cannot obtain employment and residence permits .
shahwan suggested that this quota be lowered to voke the euro .
do not superstitiously abide by laws and scripts theoretical research
the " law on solicitors " submitted to the npc standing committee for deliberation recently stipulates article 8 of the revised draft : those who have engaged in teaching in law and other professional work , such as teaching in law , and those who have high or similar professional standards , applied for the practice of solicitors , are allowed to work in the profession with the approval of the judicial administration department of the state council .
( china : october 28 )
in the law , there are many theoretical circles and academic circles , and the former mainly includes legal teaching and research work , and the latter is more engaged in lawsuits and consulting legal departments , and specifically acts of legal action .
for a long time , the legal , theoretical , and scientific and cultural circles have been negligent , and theoretical circles believe that there is a need for the need for a mechanical state , and that it is only a mechanical country , and that it is a theoretical circle that criticizes the academic community and that the theory is not the guiding theory .
the law can do what it can to maintain the tongue rather than support the existence of any other party .
however , the legal + law of lawyers , which is made of legal entities , objectively recognized the law , and therefore , it was higher than the law 's -- the law 's judgment .
in fact , some simply groundless theoretical research and teaching experts and scholars engaged in international law on legal system and international law , and their theoretical research is also linked with the actual law .
in this way , the sodium of lawyers is undoubtedly a legal system , and it has given an extremely bad impression on the society .
superstitious ideas in the theoretical circle are not only these , for example , experts ' argumentation will often affect or even reject the court verdict , and this is the direct manifestation of this kind of superstition .
encourage chinese - funded ships to fly back to taiwan
staff reporter feng lei
it has been learned from the state council 's briefing that china will implement the international maritime special investigation system for chinese ships starting 1 july , and encourage chinese - funded ships flying abroad to return to china to register , obtain the prc 's territorial waters and fly on orders .
to further promote the healthy development of china 's maritime industry and strengthen the nation 's wheel of transit , in view of the fact that china has a considerable number of ships engaged in international navigation , which are registered abroad and are operating overseas , the ministry of communications recently issued a " notice on registration of international ships ' special shipping registration policy " , which clearly enjoys the special case 's conditions and application procedures and conditions and conditions and which meet the requirements . starting 1 july this year , china 's two key
the application ships can choose from shanghai 's liaohe , tianjin , to go through ship registration formalities for the port .
britain cuts terrorist attacks level
xinhua news agency , london , july 5 ( reporter guo lin )
british government 's scaling terrorist attacks lowered from the highest level to serious censorship , indicating that british terrorist attacks will not happen , but they are still very likely to be in the midst of air .
at present , the british police are shifting the investigation scope to india and australia .
because of the eight suspects arrested , all of them are working in the medical system , the government will conduct emergency examination of the background of migrants who have entered the medical system .
it is reported that some soeks working in the british public health system are all in the country receiving medical qualifications overseas .
the prime minister also demanded that research be conducted on the background of high - tech migrants , and employers or relevant institutions should be required to provide background information .
let the traders take a hustle .
the image of tourism is to relax and shut down , enjoy natural oceans and social civilization to the greatest extent .
but many people traveled in china , all suffered this kind of worry , and were shut down by commercial dealers and engaged in intermediary business .
whether it is cars , trains , or vehicles , they always have to face the death of a small businessman and some non - license intermediaries .
instead of selling sodium spray cakes , selling newspapers and magazines , and then introducing food in large numbers , and even putting on false certificates .
if you do not accept it , he can chase you for several hundred meters , and it is most likely that you will become benevolent if you do not succeed .
many things like wind , seedlings , and even others .
without entering the gate , people come to pay for tourism and make things happen .
after entering the door , this situation will be more serious , and no matter how good it is , it is still so interesting that it is too cool to say .
according to media reports , many foreign tourists to xian have an unending affirmation of xian 's land , but they have been given more petty businessmen and hawkers who have to pile up to pile up to sell .
these include station cerebral wind , sodium , and land , and should be civilized , orderly , quiet , and harmonious , and give a broad and broad environment .
the freedom of the traders , the sooner , the lack of confidence , objectively destroyed these public order , and formed a system of pollution and environmental pollution . meanwhile , it provided land and conditions and opportunities for land use .
the important thing is that these are the window for the building of the spiritual civilization in the locality , and the entire leopard is damaged not only by the issue of image , but also will have an impact on the local economic development .
let 's imagine how you should be a big and strong tourist industry , but you should use this mess of tourism to greet the guests coming from the south to the north . who would dare come ?
how do you achieve the benefits of your tourism economy ?
with the arrival of the peak season for tourism , a civilized tourist environment should be created for tourists from the north and south of the country . this should be said to be a pressing task at present .
they are not the market , and the petty hawkers ' business behavior should be standardized , and operations without a license must be resolutely abolished , and illegal activities should be resolutely cracked down .
only in a civilized and orderly environment can we make our joy , go back to our country , and flourish .
let the traders wait till you are so tireless .
and reparations on their own accord and awards on their merits .
grass - roots houses in dongcheng city of beijing were provided with electricity and other materials as incentives for 12 households to voluntarily refund their houses .
( " xin jing bao " july 10 )
i feel happy about the improvement in the living conditions of these families , but we still have some incentives for giving away the script on our own , and have some incentives to reward others .
jiao street office deputy director said that , in view of such problems as scolding low insurance , encouraging the government to take the initiative to refund the insurance was an example set for other low - income households .
if we are to encourage other low - income people to extricate themselves from their predicament through their own efforts , we should call on those who have long been trying to obtain protection through cheating , but we should not help but be some childish .
in the process of making distinctions and clearing away the soil on which low - income households are protected , it is the law that relies more on .
the departments concerned should strengthen the awareness of the duty to protect the minimum livelihood of the insured , and should promptly report on the changes in household personnel and income , report on the employment situation , and accept periodic reexamination , while the departments concerned should intensify supervision and inspection .
after all , only when we give back orders in accordance with the law will it be a long - term plan .
the streets have given awards to refund families , who will be buried ?
as a first - level government organization , the street is to be borne by financial funds .
and the taxpayer 's money should not be used for any kind ?
on the one hand , the withdrawal from low - income families proves that they have certain autonomy and ability , and on the other hand , do n't they still have the ability to apply for low - income subsidies ?
the government 's financial appropriations , which are called money for the relief of life , should provide timely aid in snowy weather instead of adding flowers to the brocade .
liu said that he was willing to serve as a service provider .
on 10 july , the first county head in the country was selected by the public , liu shutian , from xindu , accepted the fourth time in democracy , with a satisfaction rate reaching 97.7 percent after he took office .
during the dialogue between reporters and liu gangyi , liu diiang defined himself as a courtyard service .
( xinjing bao ) yesterday )
the sodium of the sodium service may be more than the ones that appoint cadres , and the authentic , more authentic , more readily available .
the most important task in the system of direct elections is to make the former mainly decisions on the source of power by ordinary party members , and the latter is mainly appointed by higher - level organizations , and the direction of the source of power determines that the former must put the people in the first place .
the source of power and the responsibility to whom the elected person is responsible are the fundamental factors that determine how the person will carry out his work .
some people doubt that such democracy is like a monument of democracy .
my view is that with such a democratic form , it is better to have it .
in consideration of the history and current situation of building grass - roots democratic politics in china , i believe that public and direct elections have already become an important breakthrough , and democracy is an important component of this breakthrough , and we should not underestimate the promotion of grassroots democratic politics .
india expected to elect first woman president analyst , saying that the possibility of winning the election is quite big , and female voters hope to raise women 's status
on 23 june , he talked about constitutional monarchy before the presidential candidate document was signed .
the curtain has been raised on the indian presidential election on 19 june . the new president will be elected president at the head of state of rajasthan , who resigned from his post not long ago , and president of the state of palacs .
pali is the first female presidential candidate in india 's history . if she is elected , she will become india 's first female president .
pajing is the presidential candidate of the ruling national congress party , and shaw is from the opposition people 's party .
because the congress party has the advantage in the presidential election , the media and the people have been shut down , and the possibility of being elected is quite great .
palese , 72 , is governor of rajasthan state .
her + + + her + + her + her + experience in congress , she was warmly welcomed by the government when she was president of the state of jaafarta .
she is also working for social welfare , and is an honorary chairman of many cultural organizations and social welfare organizations .
analysts pointed out that the reason why patriots became a candidate was because she unswervingly shut down indian parliament chairman sohani [ name as transliterated ] .
in india , the gandhi family has long been the national congress party that has been in power .
pahad received the support of a large number of female voters , and the female voters believe that pashi will have a female image in india , which discriminates against the serious concept of female , to enhance the status of female .
the constitution stipulates that india is a state under the federal system , and the president is the head of state and shut , not representing any party organization , and more importantly , a symbol .
( yan yingjing )
the united states supports the palestinian government 's expulsion of extremists
washington , july 22 ( staff report ) ( reporter xu qisheng )
us president bush said on 21 march that the united states will give full support to the pakistani government 's plan to rush out of bases and extremists from the region at the border between pakistan and afghanistan .
in his weekly radio address on that day , bush said that according to the new us intelligence , al-qaeda has found a secret communications system in the border region between pakistan and afghanistan .
he expressed great concern over this .
bush said that the united states will continue to support pakistani president musharraf and will insist on carrying out a fight with al-qaeda and armed elements .
the recent us " national intelligence assessment " report points out that muslim armed organizations are especially the original , and the organization still constitutes a threat to the united states .
mashariqov held talks with leaders of some tribes in northern pakistan in september last year on preventing blockades and activities of the heads of the bases and members of the organization , and failed to achieve the expected results .
these tribes are not willing to or have no ability to speak on their own to safeguard the security of the region .
in his speech made earlier , bush said that musharraf was taking positive steps to correct this mistake .
the united states hopes that the agreement on the dprk nuclear issue will be fully implemented .
the reporters learned from the beijing military region that the pla has launched a large - scale joint military exercise in the past few days .
us assistant secretary of state : dprk nuclear issue us chief representative hill said on 23 march that the six - party talks on the dprk nuclear issue held last week was very important , and the first time the meeting made real progress , but this was only a preliminary action for executing the agreement .
the united states very much hopes that the " 9.19 joint statement " and " 2.13 joint document " on resolving the dprk nuclear issue can be fully implemented .
" we are ready to make joint efforts with the dprk to resolve the nuclear issue thoroughly , " he said at a press conference .
he expressed the hope that all parties concerned will fully implement the consensus reached by the six - party talks on the dprk nuclear issue within one year .
hill also said that the two sides should continue to maintain close communication and coordination on the nuclear issue of korean peninsula and the korean peninsula nuclear issue .
climate change has led to a rapid reduction in alps ' glaciers
renmin ribao , caochun ( reporter liu jun )
swiss institute of ice glacier experts have long followed their studies and found that from 1850 to 1850 , the length of lakes in switzerland has been reduced at an average annual rate of 3 % .
the + cells alone caused the melting of alps ' glaciers .
experts believe that by 2100 , if global temperature increases , glaciers will be reduced by 5 percent , glacier will completely disappear .
the arache glacier is the longest glacier in europe , and has been listed as the world 's natural heritage list by the un organization . it has reduced 100 meters by 2006 , and protected the land to be surrounded by land .
the picture is the 23 - kilometer - long arachi glacier .
photos by liu jun .
various sodium coupons of beijing olympics propose : be civilized consumer
beijing , 30 july .
china 's consumer association ( cca ) has learned from the chinese consumer association that the year of the countdown of the 29 th national games will soon be held . the consumer association of beijing municipality will hold the first session of the chinese association for consumers to protect consumers ' rights and interests in shanghai , the chinese consumers association and the hong kong committee , under the name of the six cities ' regional consumer protection organization , to offer consumers a proposal to bring along a harmonious world with civilized cities and cities
the proposal proposed : from our country 's perspective , enhance the awareness of the humanities olympics , study the language of courtesy , enhance civilization , practice civilized standards , observe society 's order , and be a civilized consumer ;
enhance the green olympic awareness , protect the ecological environment , treasure our efforts , actively promote sustainable consumption , and be a consumer who advocates green consumption ;
establish the awareness of diligence and thrift , change the concept of consumption , and make arbitrary comparison , oppose extravagance and waste , and become a rational consumer with a scientific concept of consumption ;
we should enhance the awareness of protecting the rights of consumers , take the initiative to participate in social supervision , correctly understand rights and obligations , and be a consumers who act reasonably and reasonably according to law .
advocate the spirit of righteousness and the awareness of active participation , propagate the idea of the olympic games , and become the propagator of the olympic spirit .
hong kong 's " secret line " celebrates its return
on 1 july , the police at nanjing jinghai temple was again knocked out and executed , and its spirits were bright .
this thick historical comeback , through television channels , citizens of nanjing and hong kong compatriots have come together to understand the history of hong kong 's return to the motherland .
on 1 july 10 years ago , the air over nanjing 's jinghai temple began a 155 - call alarm bell , which left hong kong island 's history aside .
the people of all walks of life in nanjing gathered together , saying that through their own courtyard , they should keep the alarm bell and make a permanent warning that they should not forget history .
the alarm bell is 1.842 metres , and it was in the wake of the signing of the " nanjing treaty " in 1842 .
standing about 1.997 metres , chung hang is a stalk of hong kong 's return .
the scheme and the creator of the police world , mr wang , explained that the five lines of land were filled with a full bronze belt with a high - level crystal and two dragon - boat balls , symbolizing that hong kong is the motherland 's land and the mainland 's casting pearl , and using the nanjing city flower flower flower to symbolize the return of the belts .
the first democratic party member who proposed the construction of the police force at that time said with a sense of eastern importance that hong kong had been surrounded for 10 years and he hoped hong kong would be able to look like a big country and make a clean and honest show tomorrow .
( end ) zhu xiaoying , liu yang
russian security agency accuses exile of plotting to justify government action
the russian oligarchy , berezovsky , in exile in london , announced on 2 july that the russian federal security bureau has formally filed a new charge against his litigant , accusing him of plotting state and attempting to use force to seize russia 's regime .
borovov pointed out that in april this year , in an interview with a british newspaper " guardian " reporter , besiegovsky was preparing to launch a courtyard in russia , which confirmed that he provided financial support to the right - wing elite representatives who opposed the authorities ' policies .
the russian federal security bureau 's reconnaissance bureau immediately carried out investigation in accordance with article 278 of the " russian federation criminal law " clauses on violent occupation of the other country , and recently formally filed a corresponding charge to the moscow sarviviyf court .
it is reported that in february 2006 , the russian federal procuratorate instituted criminal charges against him , and based on the same claim that he was also an olive oligarchy in an interview , he also confirmed that he attempted to seize the russian regime by force .
for instance , he has been in exile abroad all along , and he has been unable to extradite him , and russia temporarily suspended the investigation of the case in january 2007 .
on 2 july , the moscow sarvivich court began to try another criminal case of the oligarchy . the russian general procuratorate accused belezovsky of embezzling 214 - million rubles of russian airline , washing 16 - million rubles . after hearing a hearing , the court decided to postpone the investigation of the court and to appoint the defendant as national defense lawyer .
perez believes that these are all related to the state , and clearly prohibiting his own lawyers from attending the activities .
( bi yuan )
guangxi 's cadre duties are subject to administrative efficiency supervision
since the beginning of this year , various localities and departments in guangxi have carried out activities to improve the administrative efficiency of government organs , instituted the system of investigating and affixing responsibility for the " three items " when there was no limit for the responsibility of the first administrative efficiency , and made 33 key examination and approval departments directly under the autonomous region have been incorporated into the administrative efficiency supervision network .
up to now , 619 people have been held accountable .
on 5 july , the xinjiang autonomous regional discipline inspection commission learned that guangxi has initially formed the autonomous region 's administrative efficiency supervision network , and has strengthened supervision over key departments ' networks and key departments ' electronic supervision systems . all the 14 cities ' electronic supervision systems have been linked to the autonomous region .
the regional government 's electronic monitoring system for administrative efficiency directly connects the 33 key examination and approval departments directly under the autonomous region that involve the investment environment and the production and livelihood of the masses of the people , further standardizing examination and approval behavior , and improving the efficiency of examination and approval .
at the same time , discipline inspection and supervision organs at all levels in guangxi have seriously investigated and handled cases involving damage to the masses ' interests by working style . up to now , they have investigated and verified 1parts , investigated 769 pieces , and investigated 619 people of 584 units .
zhang xueyu , member of the standing committee of the fujian provincial party committee , said on 5 may that the supervision of administrative efficiency is a work that accompany administrative activities and requires the gradual formation of a long - term mechanism .
guangxi should further improve and standardize all administrative licensing systems and establish and perfect an administrative efficiency supervision mechanism and a guarantee mechanism , and incorporate the efficiency supervision into the orbit of institutionalization and standardization , further standardize the supervision and inspection procedures , improve and perfect the mechanism for handling complaints and handling complaints and evaluating performance , intensify the investigation of responsibility , and implement the system of holding responsibility accountable for the first question and setting up a system of time for supervising and managing the work of ensuring responsibility
china 's top trade partner meets us trade delegation
nato does not rule out the possibility of cooperating with the united states on the anti - missile system issue
nato information minister simona de manaso said in an exclusive interview with xinhua on 9 april that it is not rule out the possibility of linking the us anti - missile system with nato 's self - defense system .
simona de manso said that nato is studying the us anti - missile plan , and hopes that the us anti - missile base will cover all its european allies .
she said : nato has its own theater missile defense system and has started discussing the establishment of a strategic missile defense system , linking the us anti - missile system with nato 's own defense system .
she also said that the issue of the united states establishing an anti - ballistic missile system in europe would be promptly exchanged with russia through various channels .
china 's top trade representative to the united nations
two jordanian men sentenced for planning to attack americans
two jordanian men were arrested on 11 april for plotting to attack americans in jordan .
the two men , who were both 25 years old , were kidnapped by a courtyard of rice and ho hau - ari , eight years of imprisonment , and another person of labor , su hada , was sentenced to three years of imprisonment plus labor .
the court official said that he was also accused of illegally holding magazines in the same court , and the police discovered a submachine gun when searching him .
the court originally decided to sentence the hostage to life imprisonment and then considered a chance to change his land to his state , which would be cut down for eight years .
the indictment says that the two defendants decided to pay for those land that had been humiliated by americans and that had plotted to attack americans living in jordan .
in august 2006 , they captured a residence in the jordanian capital of anmann , but they were arrested by police before they launched attacks on him .
the indictment did not make public the identity of this american .
the indictment also accused the two defendants of their plans to attack other americans , but did not reveal any specific details .
( by reporter su xiaobo )
diabetes , inhibiting , indirect reactions by diabetes , large increase in number
according to a report by the us media on the 15th , the number of adverse reactions such as the heart disease caused by the antidiabetes drug , and other illnesses have recently shown a major upward trend in the united states .
the food and drug administration in the united states issued a safety warning in may this year , suggesting diabetes to be a serious disease because scientists published a research report in the new journal " medicine journal " on 21 may , which says that this drug will greatly increase the incidence and incidence of heart disease and keep on the incidence of heart disease .
therefore , the sodium of wendi has received close attention from doctors and patients .
statistics indicate that about one month after the issue of the safety warning , the us drug administration received 357 such reports that inaction was triggered by the indirect response , of which 38 were fatal cases .
in january and february this year , the drug administration received only 50 and 73 cases of non - compliment respectively .
these bad responses were slightly reduced to the intake of water and sudden deaths of heart disease .
however , drug experts from the us drug administration think that now the conclusion of insecurity of texture is still too early .
the pharmacy and poisons board will hold a hearing on wendi on 30 july .
+ + its affectionate literary divide in 1999 is a pancreas for treating oceans .
there are about 6 million diabetes patients in the world who have taken or are taking text diabetes .
british soekovsky has always believed that wendia is safe and has been a catherine for patients .
us intends to restart middle east peace talks
us president bush delivered a speech in washington on 16 june , calling for an international meeting on the palestine - israel issue this fall , and inviting israel to attend the international conference on palestine 's neighboring arab countries and other relevant countries in order to jointly promote the restarting of the middle east peace process .
on 17 august , bush also called egyptian president mubarak , jordanian king hussein and saudi king hussein , respectively , demanding that they actively respond to the proposal and take practical action to support palestinian national authority chairman abbas in order to help palestine and israel resume peace talks at an early date .
abbas says palestinian central committee to discuss early elections
at the meeting in ramallah on 18 april , abbas , chairman of the palestinian national authority , said that the two - day meeting of the central committee of the palestinian liberation organization ( plo ) opened on the same day , and the meeting will discuss the early holding of the palestinian national authority and the election of the legislative committee .
on the same day , abbas met with the eu high representative for foreign and security affairs at the presidential office and said at a joint news conference held later that if the plo central committee makes relevant decisions , the president will have the authority to issue , issue , and issue orders on legal orders , which will be issued very soon .
at the same time , abbas was satisfied with the relations between the palestinian national authority and the eu .
he said : the palestinian side welcomes the eu 's understanding of the measures taken by the palestinian president 's office .
abbas urged the european union to continue to provide humanitarian aid to the palestinian people in gaza .
they reiterated the eu 's support for abbas and the palestinian people .
he said : the issue of the middle east issue ( the united nations , the united states , and russia ) will hold a meeting on 19 february to discuss the issue of restarting the middle east peace process . in the next few days , there may be proposals being proposed .
al-ganzi said that the eu holds a positive attitude toward the deployment of international troops in gaza , but it still needs to discuss with other parties , especially with the united nations .
( reporter wang yin )
jiangxi will provide health talent awards for 30 years of training in rural areas
for a long time , a large number of specialized personnel in public health have gone to rural areas to pay for health care and education for the grassroots , and to the masses of peasants for their health .
jiangxi province recently decided to conduct an examination of + certificates for rural specialized health technicians who have been in rural areas for 30 years , and to receive awards for their academic achievements in rural health work .
according to the jiangxi provincial health department , the number of people working in specialized health and medicine clinics in the township and town hospitals held by the government is about 9,000 , and those specialized health technicians who have either higher or lower educational background or have specialized skills in primary health ; and those who have worked in the township or village health care center or in the same township or village , who have worked for 30 years or more , are all on the service .
the final accounts for the first group of people held in the stock market were at the end of july .
the jiangxi provincial government has issued certificates for rural health professionals who meet the requirements , and has issued certificates for rural health work for 30 years , and will give priority consideration to those who are selected for examination and assessment of the + examination , and give them appropriate preferential treatment in regard to the + examination :
he passed the examination on his own and the examination was mainly based on his actual work ability . he relaxed the conditions for research and theses and exempted from examination and decided to give priority to examination .
the jiangxi provincial health department will arrange for vacation quotas and provide certain funding for them .
starting this year , jiangxi province will conduct educational activities on rural health every two years , including recommending for mercury for 30 years in rural areas .
( by reporter li meijuan )
us defense department reconsiders reduction of us forces in europe
a us defense department official said on 23 march that due to the iraq war and the world situation , the us defense department is considering a plan to reduce the number of us troops stationed in europe by about half .
the us media quoted a defense department official as saying that since the iraq war is still going on and the relations between the united states and russia and iran are deteriorating , the defense ministry has raised questions about the feasibility of reducing the european military presence program .
at that time , rumsfeld was appointed defense secretary , and announced that the united states would increase the number of troops stationed in europe from the original 11.5 to 7.00 , so as to build a new force with a high concentration .
at present , the total strength of us troops in europe has been reduced to matching people .
however , in june this year , commander of the us military 's european command , james mulcroft , submitted a report to the current defense minister , asking questions about the reduction plan .
the report says that while cutting troops in europe , many troops stationed in europe have been transferred to iraq and afghanistan in turns , causing shortage of us troops in europe and unnormal cooperation between us allies in europe .
the report suggests that the plan to reduce us troops in europe should be stopped .
relevant us experts believe that the above phenomenon shows that the iraq war has dragged on for a long time , and the original plan for the adjustment of the us military has been unchecked .
china 's national defense minister said here tuesday that china will continue to strengthen its military cooperation with the united states .
prc : shandong 's film on transportation safety , waterlogo enters community construction sites
people 's daily , qingdao , july 26 ( reporter song xuechun and fan zhongliang )
to further deepen the reform of urban civilization , communications , and communications , enhance the awareness of the broad masses of residents on the rule of law in communications and on the need to observe the law , and from 20 july to august ( from january 20 to 10 every week , the quanzhou city command set up in the city 's people 's square , the hakka lakes square in the city 's people 's square , the jialumni palace , the jiaoyuan town of the capital city
before the movie began , the + + + + + + + + + + + protection of the life -- a letter to the general public and some propaganda materials were distributed to the public , and a " warning to the lives of the broad masses " and a special movie on the road to school " was broadcast .
the curtain of the film has aroused the citizens ' exclamation , and all the scenes of land have played a very great warning role .
in particular , the special film " on the road to school " uses the format of extrapolation to show his affection and accepts profound education .
this film attracted more than 3,000 residents around the square , especially some universities from the southern tuyuan prefecture and migrant workers , to the center to watch it with relentless attention .
the city should give priority to construction projects through sending traffic safety films to the community ( by the community ) and carrying out construction activities , so that the people will enjoy the movies while being nourished , and receive profound education on traffic safety , and they are warmly welcomed by the citizens , especially the new citizens .
chinese catering industry to be public health supervision system
to better implement the " food hygiene law " and the state council 's " decision on further strengthening food safety work , " the ministry of health has separately set up " food hygiene law " in haidian district , haidian district , taizhou city , zhejiang province , luoyang city , henan province , luoyang city , hubei province , and hainan province .
this system will gradually become a nationwide affair .
the system of public notification of public health supervision in the catering industry is based on routine supervision , and the system of health control for food and drink management has proved that food quality and labels are used to protect food processing facilities and environmental hygiene in processing places for food preparation , and for cleaning and cleaning main raw material procurement certificates , and conducting on - the - spot inspection according to the results of the investigation and the normal situation of cross - strait health situation , which is relatively good
it is said that the public notification form will adopt the form of jujujujublation and form stipulated by the ministry of health , which includes nine on - the - spot inspection results , comprehensive assessment of the opinions of health supervision on the spot , the names of the regulators and the number of telephone numbers , and the evaluation results of nine on - site supervision and control .
china 's top trade partner meets with new zealand
un security council decides to extend peacekeeping force in ethiopia
the un security council unanimously adopted a resolution on 30 august , agreeing to send un troops in tunisia and estonia ( eia and etehe ) for a term of six months to january next year .
the resolution demanded that all parties concerned fulfill their commitments , exercise restraint , ease tension , avoid unctuous military activities , and urge republic of korea [ roc ] to immediately withdraw its troops and armament from the interim security zone , and urge the republic of korea [ roc ] to reduce the number of additional military troops deployed in the nearby areas of the interim security zone .
the resolution demanded that specific steps be taken immediately to enable the eritrean border committee to quickly symbolize the border without the situation , and demanded that o'esta not delay its decision to abolish all restrictions on operations and operations of the ethiopian and itinerary .
the resolution reiterated full support for the work of the eritrean border committee and expressed appreciation for the committee 's decision to hold a meeting with eritrean in new york on september 6 .
in 1998 , el nino and oceania broke out in border conflict , causing many deaths .
in june 2000 , ethiopia and eritrea signed a cease - fire agreement in the algerian capital of algiers .
the united nations has been deploying peacekeeping forces in the ethiopia - eritrea border since july 2001 to supervise the implementation of the cease - fire agreement between the two countries .
wang yuexi , a senior chinese official , said here today that china is ready to work with the united states to further develop friendly relations with china .
prc : pla 's zhu rongji attends forum to welcome olympics , expresses warm welcome to students
chengdu , june 30 ( jiefangjun bao )
xing zhaoyuan , reporter of tianyuan : in order to implement the spirit of the cpc central committee 's instruction on building a harmonious socialist society , and in coordination with the building of a new socialist countryside , the theme of sports and sports , enriched cultural life of the masses , and welcomed the olympic country 's shuanglun county - level shuangma county , which was in densely populated cities on 30 august .
the six - day event attracted 10 men 's imperial army from all over the country .
according to the regulations , athletes taking part in this competition must be athletes over 18 years old .
in the year of 2006 , the athletes registered with the state sports general administration and the athletes ' administrative center should not sign up for the competition .
the competition adopted the latest " rules of stamina " approved by the china sodium , and the matches were divided into two stages : preliminary matches and final ones .
the competition was jointly organized by the state general administration of sports and sports , china association for sports and tourism , and china international tourism company .
in recent years , the cultural and sports undertakings in shuangliu county , which has a history of double - edged counties , have been successively acquired from the nation 's advanced sports units , such as the advanced units of the masses nationwide .
in the new rural construction , in particular , shuangliu county has vigorously carried out the peasants ' physical education project , and the building of sports facilities and rural areas have been beautified , combining greening with agriculture , and building the stadium in the rural areas and around the peasants , so that the rural areas will be actively promoted by rural areas , and farmers will be happy to participate in sports and sports activities and to improve their quality and quality by having the special local authorities to participate in and to
the three functions of modern military uniforms
first , recognition functions .
different national armed forces , different branches of the armed forces , and the people 's army are the important symbols .
in more than 100 countries and regions in the world , although the use of uniforms is basically the same , there is no uniform of the armed forces of any two countries .
second , symbolic functions .
to a certain extent , uniform is a country 's spiritual outlook and ethnic characteristic , and it is also a country 's military field , a concentrated embodiment of its combat capability .
in the uniform of courtesy , the three military uniforms are most capable of showing the military 's prestige , including the national pole and uniform .
third , the function of protection .
with the rapid development of new and high - tech weapons and equipment , the comprehensive protection capability for new - type operational uniforms has the characteristics of defending against chemical warfare , preventing radiation from air defense , and diverting water from heat and variety of oils to military uniforms has become the most important issue in the development of military uniforms .
( shi wei )
the party committee organs of a certain brigade handled problems in a bold way .
chengdu , july 3 ( jiefangjun bao )
the chinese embassy in russia has been able to hold a house and benefit from the clean house of the party committee of the great team .
today , more than 10 jozhu of a certain communications training brigade of the chengdu military region were pleased with the results of their study and education , and they were bold in resolving problems with the party committee of the large brigade , having the courage to resolve problems in a tough manner , and full of respect and encouragement .
a few years ago , with the personnel , some of the houses of this brigade 's home were occupied by the personnel in violation of regulations , causing the cadres in the rank to have difficulties in housing and the officers and men have had a fairly large opinion on this .
the battalion also cleared away several houses and failed to stop the units from obstructing them , thus turning this issue into a formidable and formidable one .
schools should have the courage to be honest and clean and should have no thorny problems to be solved .
after the new party committee reached a consensus , the principal leaders personally set about thoroughly cleaning up all the illegal occupation of houses .
they were filled with enthusiasm , knowing how , hoping that relevant personnel would pay off the houses of the army and collect funds for the economy , and this shows the firm determination and principled stand of the party committee .
some housing units that are not willing to take back houses that occupy a house in other places are promptly contacted by the party committee organs concerned and have adopted corresponding measures to urge them to take the initiative to cooperate with the work of the troops .
after two months of meticulous work , all land households that illegally occupied the housing area were relocated on time and were assigned to their houses according to regulations .
the party committee of this brigade has the courage to confront the hard work style of doing things , but has also produced a effects of tongue . the original several cadres who were unwilling to actively cooperate with the organization 's distribution have also now expressed their acceptance to the decision of the organization .
chinese top legislator meets bangladesh air force chief
beijing , july 9 ( staff reporter )
zhang shun , member of the central military commission and commander of the air force , met with sheikh zizhen , chief of staff of the air force of bangladesh , and his party in beijing today .
qiao qingchen said : since the establishment of diplomatic relations between china and bangladesh , bilateral relations have been developing smoothly , high - level exchanges have been frequent , and friendly exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been constantly strengthened .
the two countries have always maintained close cooperation in international affairs and in their respective national construction , and have supported each other in close coordination .
china appreciates and thanks bangladesh for its support to china on issues such as taiwan 's human rights and tibet .
qiao qingchen said that the chinese armed forces value the friendly relations with the bangladesh armed forces and hope to further expand the scope and level of friendly cooperation between the two armed forces and strengthen the friendly exchanges and cooperation between the air forces of the two countries so as to raise the already established friendly and cooperative relations between the two armed forces to a new level .
he said bangladesh will make efforts to further develop the friendly relations between the two armed forces , especially the air forces of the two countries .
he reiterated that the bangladesh government will , as always , adhere to the one - china policy .
before the meeting , qiao qingchen held a welcoming ceremony for zobao .
qi arrived in beijing on 8 july for a goodwill visit to china at the invitation of qiao qingchen .
the 7 - style military uniform designers invited the chinese internet .
the pla reporter , yang baojin , liu xinxin , reported that the pla 's units will be changing their 07 - style military uniform from 1 august .
tonight , the chinese military network specially invited military materials to be confiscated by chen jun , deputy director of the military equipment bureau , and cao shengjie , senior engineer of the military equipment research institute , the architect of military uniform , as a guest of the chinese military , and the background and process of the birth of netizens from within and outside the military . this has aroused the reaction among netizens .
the two guests are the direct communications of the seven - style military uniform design .
on the changes in the new uniform , they said that the 7 - style military uniform was specifically replaced with 97 - type uniforms , and the military uniform series was designed on the basis of 97 , and the series of superficial flavor and others carried out as many as several hundred improvement items .
the most prominent characteristic of the 7 - style military uniform is the serialization of the system and the quality of the people 's uniform , which has the first line of the standard of coordinating the three armed services and indicating that the level of the building of our army 's uniform has achieved a historic leap .
the two guests also talked about the variety of new military uniforms , the issue of the sodium of the trees , and other issues with netizens .
this time , the chinese military net and the chinese online , together with the new wave ,
the platform for personnel affairs in jingjiang city has improved the quality of specialized cadres
on the morning of june 18 , zhu jiaying , a technician of jingjiang city , jiangsu province , was appointed by lu yuqing , head of the armed forces department of xilai township , on a counseling course on " winning a psychological war under the condition of informatization " . he was unanimously supported by the trainees .
this is the result of the pressure on specialized cadres in combination with reality , and the efforts made by the ministry to raise the overall quality of special military cadres .
early this year , when conducting investigation and study at the grassroots level , the party committee of the people 's armed forces department discovered that some specialized wu cadres had not devoted their main energies to the work of armed forces , because they had appointed their superiors and concurrently held their posts .
to this end , they have adopted the method of centralized training , and relying on local party schools to train specialized military cadres on a regular basis , and have focused on solving such problems as the unitary quality of specialized military cadres .
in light of the central work , they boldly handed over tasks to specialized cadres , and improved their abilities to take up posts through training .
at the same time , they have actively coordinated with local organization departments and jointly formulated the " plan for the competitive appointment of special armed forces cadres , " which clearly stipulates that ministers of the armed forces must be in the leadership of party committees and not be in other positions ;
a mechanism for the adjustment and exchange of cadres with special arms was established , and the cadres with special skills , who are too old to the grass - roots level , were promptly readjusted and exchanged and promoted to the cadres with high overall quality and ability .
not long ago , chen yisong , director of the armed forces department of the new century limited , led the militia technology element in innovating and developing underwater vessels to fill the gap in china and to be upgraded to the director of the armed forces department of the company .
good start means good end
from the outcome of the competition alone , the score is reasonable and too much accepted .
if iran leads the team 2 - 0 , then the score will be equal , then it will be different for china to topple , and it will be very long , and the situation is quite different .
good will come to the end , and one can say that it is a problem .
+ it often happens that under the situation of the situation , people think that china 's psychological quality is not perfect .
this is indeed a lack of confidence , but not a good thing .
however , looking at today 's competition , it seems that it 's not all right .
sun jihai , sun yuxiang , zhu shuqin , and others who played ball in europe did not say that li wei - feng and others were also old sand - lit players who had seen a broad understanding and said that there would not be any problem with mental quality .
this vociferous act was forced by the iranian team , which probably was sent to the united states .
the iranian team won the championship in a backward situation , and the match was immediately shut .
and three of them were replaced in the second half , but the effect was not good .
we must overcome the problem that good things cannot come to an end and accurately find the root cause of the problems .
if problems are accurately identified , it is probably not difficult to find the problems .
they are afraid of being hospitalized and being sent to the hospital without delay .
if it goes on like this , soaking is a bit more competition , old problems will still be offended , and no further kick that people expect will be discussed .
the ministry of public security collectively awarded the honor of guangdong border defense hospital
the staff reporter , shenzhen , july 18 .
yan qi , li guoliang , reported : over the years , while providing medical support to the troops , the hospital of the guangdong frontier defense corps has also exerted all its efforts to provide assistance to the masses in difficulty .
this morning , the ministry of public security collectively held a second birch meeting of the guangdong frontier guard general hospital to celebrate the occasion and the advanced deeds of supporting the government and cherishing the people in shenzhen .
the hospital of the guangdong frontier corps has established a hospital in shenzhen , penghu , baogong , and baoan , a special hospital specially for migrant workers , and a hospital for migrant workers to pay for their medical treatment . the hospital has only required a yuan for registration fees for foreign workers and the inspection fee for collecting fees for inspection fees .
the hospital has specially equipped a communications vehicle for migrant workers to receive medical treatment and has introduced health care service for them , and each month it needs only 7 yuan to enjoy 12 basic medical examination and protection .
this measure , which benefits the people , has benefited more than 12,000 farmers .
from the + hei , the hospital also carried out a large - scale monitoring activity , which included eight large - scale monitoring and treatment personnel in the eye field , including jiangxi , yunnan , and qinghai , to send a brick and a total of 3,000 medical equipment to the patients , thus bringing them nearly light to the light .
the armed police force has replaced the 07 - style clothes with a total of 1,850 uniforms since 1 august .
on july 19 , beijing -- liu zhifeng , correspondent zhang jianjun , reported : the armed police force will be changing 07 - style clothing one after another starting on august 1 .
today , this reporter learned from the 2007 fashion issuing ceremony and the dressing activity of the armed police force , which are now being replaced with seven costumes , and the big strains of crops are used as symbols .
the garment is changed from the existing olive green green to the deep - olive green color , sleeves and pants , and have sewn sewing , and the overall design is strong , and using the national costume model standard .
the female officers and men have a variety of eaves and cap on their shoulders , and they have changed their conscription style from a concurrent system to a commanding style , a commanding structure , and a uniform style design in spring and autumn .
the new name registration and qualifications for national defense , the military constitution and the blue ribbon for redesigning , and the badge for the sodium of the national defense , have enhanced the identification function of clothing and enhanced the sense of aesthetics .
armed police force 's 07 style clothing will be replaced in three years .
before 1 august 2007 , he and the pla were synchronized as cadres and national flag , and the troops of the chinese orchestra were transferred to other places to replace their troops in the spring and autumn uniforms and emblems from cadres and soldiers of the troops stationed in beijing .
in may , he was a soldier of other troops , and he was appointed as commander of the base in the spring and autumn .
matching the winter dress in october .
in december 2009 , he was replaced with a winter uniform .
the troops gradually replaced their troops in a season .
a base of the second artillery corps began to operate in a remote area of education .
the reporters learned from the pla daily that xu bingjian , a small , remote , directly administered unit , had little educational resources and had little resources to fight on their own , and this would become a part of the history of a base of the second artillery corps .
this reporter recently learned that after half a year of trial - point work , the base has issued the " implementation method for implementing the ' outline for ideological and political education ' " to all the units of small , scattered , and directly administered units of the base , and has formally been put into operation .
to promote the effective implementation of the " outline for ideological and political education , " the base organized forces at the beginning of this year to conduct in - depth investigation and study , influence and restrain the educational personnel from the key issues , and preliminarily form a new educational model for small , scattered , remote , and cooperative units .
the specific method of the coordination zone is to break the division of work structure by establishing a division of work units at the level of brigade and regiment level in a small , scattered , and directly subordinate units to a small , medium - sized , and designated unit for unified planning . units under different affiliated relations should conduct long - range discussions with the same station by taking advantage of the channels or by relying on the same channel for long - distance discussion .
adopting the method of combining meteorology with competition for posts to carry out unified allocation of educational forces , unified use of educational hardware in regions , data sharing and exchange of educational data by various units , and regularly organizing documentary film study by officers and men in the region .
each cooperative zone has established a mechanism for collecting and distributing information on the education of teachers and students .
on this basis , all cooperative areas have also established a large thorny educational channel for assistance , and a system for emergency notification and evaluation of the state of mind has been established .
zhang shangmin , director of the base 's political department , told the reporter that the establishment of a political education coordination zone has not only reduced the waste of educational resources but also deepened the effect of education .
some political soaps are fearing loss in the face of officers and men in the units outside the army and they have taken the initiative to learn new knowledge and explore new methods for education .
the officers and men who were educated were also actively involved in education , fearing that they would speak outside in front of the officers and men of a friendly unit when discussing and analyzing the situation .
such great + , courtyard , and enthusiasm have been effectively aroused .
the quota for a certain detachment of the north sea fleet was all assigned to soldiers .
the pla daily news report : liu hongjun , liu hongjun , deputy chief engineer of a certain north sea fleet , led by zhang weiliang , deputy chief engineer of a certain north china fleet , 31 soldiers working on the front line of the long - term task set foot on the lush beidaihe train .
luo xiangming , a grade 6 noncommissioned officer , told this reporter with pleasure : leaders of the + hang brigade care about and care for the soldiers , and after we return home , we must work hard .
they organized grass - roots soldiers to soak up for the first time in this group .
not long ago , caosheng yao went deep into the grass roots to see some soldiers responsible for work went deep into the field for maintenance , and greatly moved yao qingsheng .
the party committee should care for soldiers and should be responsible for the health of soldiers . the committee for the promotion of party committee yao qingsheng 's words won the approval of all the party committee .
after studying the matter , the party committee decided to distribute the quota of the troops from higher levels to the troops on the front lines .
the work of a certain unit of the jinan military region has been open and hot topics are not included in the agenda .
staff reporter :
wang weiqin , special envoy of li desying : on 25 july , the author saw a military unit of the jinan military region that received a bidding for the construction of the troops , received a public notice column on important matters such as the promotion of cadres to the armed police , and so on , and put on the show window .
according to political commissar su chengsen , this unit has adopted specific measures to promote the system of opening affairs to the public .
in order to strengthen the building of party style and clean government , the party committee of this unit formulated such measures as " two - way supervision by organs at the grass - roots level " and " public notice on sensitive issues , " demanding that all major issues concerning the vital interests of the officers and men be subject to the supervision of the grass - roots units , after making decisions after making decisions , and making public the work standards and the results of the troops ' work , and acting in accordance with the
the troops set up a sodium display column , and opened up a plague on the plates to collect opinions from everyone .
in the beginning of this year , before the renovation work of the dormitory building of soldiers was started , the party committee organs extensively solicited the opinions of officers and men , and then issued the tender information and put into practice the open bidding system .
they have saved money and won the support of officers and men .
the practice of handling affairs in an open and fair manner has given impetus to the formation of a good atmosphere in grassroots work units .
in this unit , the grassroots company is determined by major and hot and sensitive affairs , or on vacation by individuals , and on daily expenses for the personal vacation , all insist on making public the information on a regular basis , and consciously accept supervision by the masses .
( international ) research shows that trembling with genes related to two genes
xinhua news agency , july 2 , iceland scientists discovered through research that the turtle risk of trembling between two genes of houses in iceland is far higher than ordinary people .
according to the latest issue of " nature " magazine , the roc simply relies on the research personnel of the inheritance company to conduct research on the oceans of iceland , the united states , and thousands of people in hong kong , china , and obtained the above discovery .
the two genes found by scientists had an important effect on heart early in their genes .
the room shook its heart and shaken its heart , and it was one of the most serious problems that could cause nervous oxygen and impatient society .
the " natural genetics " magazine , which published on 1 july , reports on the bankruptcy of the doctoral genetic company , which has resulted in the discovery of documentary evidence related to the nasal cancer on the 17 th of the human chromosomes , which has played a certain role in the prototype cases of more than one - third of the pregnant prototypes .
the study also found that one gene is to raise the risk of pregnant cancer while lowering the risk of chronic cancer .
( sports ) us veteran goalkeeper may be discharged after castro cup
xinhua news agency , marathon , july 3 ( reporter jian liu )
according to a report by venezuelan media on the 3rd , kaer , 37 , a veteran guard of the stalinist team , said when interviewed here that if the american cup failed to find an appropriate club effect after the game , he would choose to retire .
if the match ends , four to six weeks , i still cannot get the high standard of a team , a + high level , a + 1 - 2 + cooperative contract , then retirement may be my choice .
with the rise of the goalkeeper , the team fell into germany , keleer also left this multiple team that had its effect .
although kelly had to accept the government , he was obviously not worried about his fate in the government , and he himself was worried that as many as eight teams would like to invite him to pass the test .
however , this former british diplomat and german matchmaker , who had once served in western china , said that his final choice would depend on my family , my child is already nine years old , and he will be in three different countries and go to three different schools . now i have to consider how i choose to be more beneficial to my family .
in the gold cup tournament that ended not long ago , keller played an outstanding role in helping the team win the championship .
he was still coached by the coach , joe bradley , but it was difficult for him to hit the goal of the american army with the chinese young expedition , which was not the republic of argentina , argentina 's strong opponent , and the two matches he held seven times were passed through .
the next match against colombia is very likely to be between the + heap and keller in this american cup .
( overseas china - related ) strawberry smartphones to land in china at end of august
xinhua news agency , ottawa , july ( reporter : canada 's " global post " report : after eight years of efforts , canada 's black companies ( + black -- + -- + -- -- intelligent cell phones -- have finally been approved to enter china 's market , and the first black strawberry cell phone will be listed in china at the end of august .
chief executive of + + + + + balloting said that he would visit beijing , shanghai , and guangzhou , china , and other major cities to provide mobile phones for business customers .
the " global post " quoted the term of a manager of the beijing office , saying that the 8700g smartphone of black strawberry will land in china at the end of august , with the price being about us $ 700 , and now has received 5,000 orders .
balloellli said that the company 's listing on cell phone has caused people to pay more and more attention to intelligent cell phones as an international competitor , black strawberry cell phone has now been sold in more than 100 countries in the world .
according to statistics , in the first quarter of this year , the number of black strawberry cell phones increased to 1.2 million , with the total number of users already reaching 9:00 .
spain : husband monnoys for killing of wife
xinhua news agency , july 7 - a spanish woman was attacked by a heavy stick and she fell apart amid a battle , and she discovered that the assailant was her husband . the police had arrested him .
according to media reports here on the 6th , the woman was working in a bakuhito shop in valencia .
one day , a monk was in the store , thinking that he was a robber , and told him to leave with money in the drawer .
but the man did not take money , but pinned the neck of this woman and wanted to go on her .
she wanted to use the method of killing to make hay , but the man did not put her off , or kick her and pinch her neck .
in the struggle , the woman was throwing her face , but she discovered that her husband was actually surrounded .
the assailant has been arrested by police .
the victim 's woman told the media that she and her husband were divorced because of bad feelings .
13 pilots resign , default claims over 100 million yuan in compensation
xinhua news agency , july 11 , wuhan ( by reporters yang shuchu liu )
thirteen pilots have submitted their resignation , and the company has opened up as much as 105 - million yuan in huge amounts of compensation orders from the wuhan limited liability company of china 's eastern airlines . this is the biggest case in which hubei province has demanded compensation for the losses .
the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration committee is currently trying the case .
in may this year , 13 pilots of the donghang company submitted their resignation one after another and were rejected by the company .
the pilot then successively submitted a labor dispute arbitration application to the hubei labor dispute arbitration committee in early june , requesting the ruling to terminate the labor relations with the company .
the company received notification from the company , requesting that the company make a countercharge , and 13 pilots paid him losses caused by the removal of labor contracts , totaling more than 6 million yuan , to over 10 million yuan , and confiscated 1.05 billion yuan .
it is understood that the pilots signed with the eastern airlines a fixed - term labor contract . except for the circumstances in which the conditions for termination or conditions for termination of labor contracts appear , the effect of the labor contract will continue to be the pilot 's statutory retirement age .
the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration committee will file an appeal and oppose the prosecution of the case , and is expected to conclude the trial on 8 august .
germany calls for russia to pass russia border treaty
xinhua news agency , riga , july 12 ( reporter yang dehong ) - visiting german foreign minister steinmeier on the 12th called on russia to start the russia - russia border treaty as soon as possible .
steinmeier held talks with foreign minister pavel on the same day , during which the two sides discussed relations between latvia and the cooperation between the eu and latvia and reached an important consensus on the development of relations between russia and russia and between the eu and russia .
at a news conference after the talks , steinmeier called on russia to pass the latvian - russian border treaty as soon as possible .
steinmeier said that the whole of the region and the pace of improving relations between russia and the countries of the region were relatively slow , and the signing of the latvian - russian treaty testified to the development of the latvian - russian relations . however , historical shadows may cause retrogression in the relations between the two countries , and hope that russia will be able to advance the development of bilateral relations through the latvich treaty .
on 27 march this year , after 10 years of negotiations , prime minister karpinski and russian prime minister kasyanov signed a treaty on the boundary between the two countries in moscow .
on 17 may , the latvian parliament passed the latvian - russian border treaty .
according to the media , the russian parliament will vote on the treaty in the near future .
dprk , rok to hold sixth talks
pyongyang , july 16 ( xinhua ) the united states and japan should cooperate in the next few years
the dprk and the rok held military talks on 16 june in panmunjom , where the two sides agreed to hold the sixth talks on the issue of oceanic between 24 and 26 june .
according to a report by the central news agency , dprk military representatives put forward in their contacts that day the proposal of the yanping island to ba'o island in western north korea was set up , and detailed explanations were made .
he said : to set up a common shuttle , it is necessary to implement the principle of making the nation prosperous and the people share the same wealth as other nations and ensuring peace and stability .
on the existing maritime boundary between the two sides , park said that in order to prevent military conflicts between the two sides in the western sea , the two sides should abandon the maritime boundary they have upheld so far , and recognize and respect each other 's territorial waters , and make the relevant agreement between the dprk and the republic of korea [ rok ] and the universally recognized laws as the basis for consultation on the korean peninsula .
he said that the timely formulation of military support measures to promote dprk - rok cooperation and exchange was a continuation of the dprk military 's stance .
he said that the rok side should take military measures to ensure that the dprk 's civilian vessels can directly travel south from haizhou port and go south to cheju strait .
this is another important meeting between the dprk and the rok in recent days following the 10 th of this month .
the fifth north - south korea talks were held in the palace of panmunjon from 8 to 11 may .
( international ) modern automobiles deny intention to buy volvo
seoul , july 18 ( xinhua ) a spokesman for the korean hyundai motor said in seoul that the company has no intention to buy any brand name under the company 's name on july 18 .
the sunday times and the new york times both reported that + roc would sell volvo .
the sunday times even reported that the rok 's hyundai motor company is a potential partner of volvo .
a spokesman for hyundai automobile company said : we have no interest in purchasing the panther or the tigers of volvo , and are implementing their own expansion plan , so there is no time for him to attend to the matter .
in 1999 , sodium oxygen valued at $ 64.5 - billion from sweden 's volvo group .
at present , the turf of the main automobile group , including volvo and the tiger , and the sergeant , is surrounded by the main automobile group ( the origins of the company ) .
in march this year , the value of land sold on the basis of 8.4 us dollars , and the value of land it sold was originally , indicating that it considered selling luhu and czech leopard last month .
( sports ) cuba 's caodron rope ropes too short
xinhua news agency report of july 21 from rio de janeiro ( by staff reporter chen weihua , gu tong )
on 21 august , the cuban delegation went to attend the pan - american games to hit too fast , which will affect the performance of the fists .
according to the rules of the international fist federation , the rope of beating taiwan in international matches should be 6.1 meters , but according to the measurements by pedro roche , the rope of the pan - american boxing games is less than one meter below the standard .
roker said : we submitted a formal protest because this is not an issue that affects cuba but involves all people .
the rope is too short , and it will affect the fists ' flashy and frustration .
he also talked about : if the + peace treaty cannot be found in the yardstick that meets the olympic standards , he can go to another place to find the rope .
as far as we know , we brought him from cuba .
the mexican and colombian delegations also expressed dissatisfaction with the prostitution of rope bens .
julius , colombian fist , although won the first battle , he said : though we have won the first match , we have too narrow the beating platform , which makes me feel that we are not talking about , and we cannot keep on talking about it .
big rabbit milk sugar reopens export orders
xinhua news agency , july 24 ( reporter xu shousong and yu lihong ) - - this reporter learned from guansheng ( group ) co. ltd. that the dabullah rabbit sugar at shanghai port has resumed its exports recently , and many overseas provinces have demanded orders one after another .
the cornell park is a famous chinese hernard in singapore , and the company has been able to develop a new high in the fields of agriculture , grain and sugar production , which is not included in the market , and therefore demands orders to order the company to make a normal sale .
kuwait 's kuwait company , the crown prince of malaysia , said that it demanded guansheng to immediately send a large rabbit of rabbit sugar from shanghai to malaysia .
the crown garden in hong kong , the company also called coronavo , saying that the hong kong centre for food safety had tested the results of the samples collected from hong kong for high rabbit dull dull dysfunction .
hsbc has received notification of huaxing in hong kong , deciding to sell large rabbit sugar in hong kong for more than 100 times .
it is understood that , for a time , ten + high rabbit milk sugar in shanghai 's ports have gradually resumed export .
at present , there are seven containers with large rabbit rabbit rabbit , which is transmitting to singapore , tongzhu of singapore , malaysia , and the united states of nepal .
( international ) criminal suspects arrested for making british sodium bomb threat
london , july 26 ( xinhua ) british police announced on july 26 that a bomb threat was manufactured in britain , which was suspected of producing a british hosts in mid - july , in kristol prefecture , on july 23 .
police said that this person called pu yueyu , 51 , an unemployed person , will be subject to blackmail and bomb making .
on the afternoon of 14 july ( ( october 14 ) , britain 's 14 + nation + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
it 's the peak time for british people to purchase , at that time , 14 + cave - in britain 's biggest , unleashing sales revenue .
british police subsequently conducted a criminal investigation into the bomb threat incident and announced that no sign of terrorist activity was found in the incident , but there might be some economic motivations behind it .
( sports ) the sodium 's vacation period is a fault of the olympic games in beijing .
beijing , july 28 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has issued a circular on the great tide of stalemate in august when the olympics are held next year .
by changing the duration and other technical means , the researchers have found a good way to add colors to the olympics .
may 28 to hold a meeting in beijing on the selection of new summer varieties of crops and the application of cultivation projects , experts came to the conclusion that it is necessary to promote the cultivation of new technology by promoting control and cultivation of new varieties of crops . the varieties or varieties of natural species can open flowers in the same summer season and achieve the best effect in august of the beijing olympics .
in the summer of beijing , usually we can see only a dozen or so kinds of matching land , or most of them have long declined , and they are far from reaching the corn .
through hard work , the olympic games will be 206 varieties of crops .
at the beijing haidian park , the 2007 olympic games , the exhibition hall will be held in beijing , and the exhibition hall will be carefully cultivated by scientific research personnel around the first anniversary of the beijing olympics . the stalks of scientific research will be greeted with flowers and flowers .
ruling party wins parliamentary election
xinhua news agency , july 30th , ( reporter wang jian ) - the turkish supreme election commission 's final result of the 23 rd parliamentary election released on the 30th shows that the ruling justice and development party has won 341 seats of 550 seats , and has once again obtained the ruling party 's prestige .
in the parliamentary election held on 22 july , the main opposition republican people 's party won seats .
the national action party won 71 seats in the election .
in addition to the above three political parties , 26 others were elected legislators .
the new parliament will hold its first meeting in august .
all members will be sworn in and will start to perform their duties .
the parliament will then elect a new speaker through unvoting methods .
the election was originally scheduled for november , but the country 's opposition party was forced to vote for the only candidate , justice and development party deputy prime minister and foreign minister , al gore , and his party failed in the presidential election . the parliamentary election was advanced .
